Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether have seeped into the public consciousness. Colleges including Duke and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are offering classes in the blockchain technology that undergirds these virtual currencies to crowds of eager students.The mania has also gotten the attention of regulators at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. But both can only look on — perhaps in horror — at what is happening. Laws adopted decades ago give the two regulators little authority to engage in oversight of the burgeoning market in cryptocurrencies.That may change if Congress can muster the political will to extend the oversight responsibilities of two agencies it has been rather hostile to in recent years. A better way may be to create a new agency — one that does not carry the baggage that the S.E.C. and C.F.T.C. do on Capitol Hill and that does not try to put the square peg of cryptocurrencies in the round holes of securities and commodities trading.At a recent hearing of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, Jay Clayton, the chairman of the S.E.C., and J. Christopher Giancarlo, the chairman of the C.F.T.C., spoke about their limited power to regulate the use of cryptocurrencies.Mr. Clayton highlighted the risks posed by cryptocurrency trading platforms that call themselves “exchanges,” which gives the impression that they are regulated like the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq. But investors using such platforms “do not receive many of the market protections that they would when transacting through broker-dealers on registered exchanges,” Mr. Clayton said. Instead, the cryptocurrency exchanges are considered “money transmission” businesses, subject to a hodgepodge of state and federal rules that provide little protection to those who use their services.There are distinctions between cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, which are not tied to a single company but instead operate more like regular money, and tokens issued by firms to help raise money in initial coin offerings, or I.C.O.s. Mr. Clayton announced a much tougher stand on that second form of virtual assets. “The structures of I.C.O.s that I have seen involve the offer and sale of securities and directly implicate the securities registration requirements,” he said. The S.E.C. has filed cases against companies making coin offerings for selling unregistered securities, and more are certainly on the way.Mr. Giancarlo explained that his agency does regulate futures contracts that are tied to cryptocurrencies, and it can police firms executing transactions involving the contracts. But he pointed out that the C.F.T.C. “does not have regulatory jurisdiction over markets or platforms conducting cash or ‘spot’ transactions in virtual currencies, or over participants on those platforms.” To reach actual trading in cryptocurrencies, Congress would have to extend its authority to cover a cash commodity market, something lawmakers have not done.Investors need protection. Virtual currency firms have seen a rash of large-scale thefts from customer accounts. An Italian cryptocurrency exchange called BitGrail reported on Saturday that tokens called Nano worth approximately $170 million had gone missing in unauthorized transactions. An exchange in Japan called Coincheck disclosed in late January that hackers had stolen $530 million from the accounts of cryptocurrency investors.Any theft can be prosecuted under a range of federal laws, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the wire fraud statute because cryptocurrencies are a form of property, even though they are intangible. But criminal prosecution is not a particularly effective weapon for battling hackers who plunder cryptocurrency wallets. Many of the exchanges are outside the United States, so finding those responsible is a challenge.Regulating the exchanges would be a significant step toward ensuring there is at least some protection for those buying and selling cryptocurrencies. That comes at a substantial cost, however, because the compliance requirements and reporting obligations for an exchange would be substantial. Operating with little government oversight has been a selling point for adherents of cryptocurrencies, but the growth in the market that has given rise to large-scale thefts and fraudulent schemes is fueling greater demand for some measure of accountability.Whether the S.E.C. or the C.F.T.C. are the best venues for this type of regulation is something Congress will have to decide. Neither agency has experience in overseeing virtual currencies, so assigning responsibility to one (or both) will require increased appropriations to develop rules and effective oversight.Perhaps a new agency is needed. The S.E.C. was created by Congress in 1934 to implement greater federal regulation of the securities markets. The creation of, say, a Cryptocurrency Exchange Commission, or C.E.C., could address a rapidly developing product that defies easy categorization without having to deal with the demands — and foibles — of an entrenched bureaucracy.PALO ALTO, Calif. — When a cryptocurrency start-up that promised to revolutionize the fruit and vegetable industry shut down last month, it left behind one word on its website: penis.When a virtual currency company called DateCoin recently tried to entice investors for its initial coin offering, it posted a Facebook ad that featured a reclining woman in a swimsuit with text over her body that read, “Touch my I.C.O.”And after the North American Bitcoin Conference in January, which highlighted 84 male speakers and three women, the official conference party was held at a Miami strip club.Virtual currencies and blockchain, the digital ledger that forms the basis of the cryptocurrencies, were intended to be democratizing and equalizing forces, buoyed by a utopian exuberance. But women who have been trying to participate in the gold rush are finding a lopsided gender divide. And some say the culture is getting worse, with the male-dominated culture buoyed by a new fleet of wealthy crypto speculators known as “blockchain bros.”That means the budding world is already in danger of looking like the rest of the technology industry, where women are decidedly a minority. Some studies estimate that women account for only 4 percent to 6 percent of blockchain investors. That imbalance matters because the early days of an industry are often when the fortunes are made — and those big winners then choose whom to invest in and what to build next, launching a cascade of consequences.Now, some early female investors and entrepreneurs are beginning to sound the alarm and push back.“Women, consider crypto,” Alexia Bonatsos, a venture capitalist, wrote on Twitter. “Otherwise the men are going to get all the wealth, again.”Some crypto leaders are now organizing events, clubs and conferences to attract women to the industry. Ms. Bonatsos spoke at one such event this month in San Francisco. And Jalak Jobanputra, founder of the start-up investment firm Future Perfect Ventures, and other blockchain developers gathered in New York this month to discuss the issue. They later announced that they would form a blockchain diversity advocacy group called the Collective Future and create a diversity pledge for crypto companies to sign as a show of commitment.“The early days are what decide the culture of an industry and who gets involved in making the decisions,” Ms. Jobanputra said. She cited the venture capitalists who funded eBay and Amazon and whom they funded next.Arianna Simpson, an early cryptocurrency investor, said the surge of interest in virtual currencies from male novices should remind women that it did not take expertise or a Ph.D. to thrive in the ecosystem.“Women always question if they’re qualified,” she said. “But look at these clowns around us.”The response to some of the events has been encouraging, some of the women said. Brit Morin, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, recently held a blockchain gathering for women that sold out in an hour. She moved the meeting to a bigger venue, where all 500 seats sold out again. So she set up a livestream for the event; that evening, 16,000 viewers joined to watch.“We have an opportunity to rebuild the financial systems,” Ms. Morin said. “Women want to be part of that.”The resistance follows increasing outrage at the lack of diversity in virtual currencies, punctuated by the sexist incidents involving DateCoin’s Facebook ad and Prodeum, the blockchain-for-fruit start-up. Neither company returned requests for comment.The gender imbalance was also on display at last month’s North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami, which was organized by a prominent investor, Moe Levin. Mr. Levin originally slated 86 men and one woman as speakers. After complaints, he replaced two of the men with women to achieve what he thought should be enough: 84 men onstage and three women.“It just coincidentally happened that there were more men than women speakers,” Mr. Levin said. “It’s not intentional not to include them. It’s just we don’t have time to include them.”When others in the cryptocurrency industry realized the conference’s after-party would be held at a strip club, they encouraged Mr. Levin to change locations. He said the strip club was the most convenient and safest venue he could find.“Downtown Miami doesn’t have a whole lot of event spaces,” Mr. Levin said. “And we needed a lot of security.”The year before, the conference’s kickoff party featured underwear-clad models — painted gold and covered in Bitcoin logos.“Moe does something just as sexist every year,” said Rose Chan, who founded the World Bank’s blockchain working group and now runs her own cryptocurrency project. “He switches it up, which actually means that he thinks about it.”One group of female investors said they had decided to boycott the conference in the future.Mr. Levin said this reaction surprised him. “There’s so many people who had a great time,” he said.At some women-in-crypto events, frustration is giving way to anger and sadness. On a recent night, about 50 young women interested in cryptocurrencies gathered at the Woman’s Club of Palo Alto. Some were engineering students at nearby Stanford University.Over wine, they shared their stories — some had been mistaken for hired models, others propositioned during job interviews, and many men had not believed they were engineers at all.Catheryne Nicholson, the chief executive of BlockCypher, which provides infrastructure for blockchain applications, explained to some of the younger women why the gender situation had deteriorated.“Now there’s a lot of money, and the men think, ‘Oh, I’m a whale now,’” she said. “They’re a little more full of themselves.”Karen Hsu, BlockCypher’s head of growth, said she thought some of the gender concerns had been overstated. She said that at a recent conference, she had been asked if she was a speaker, which was validating.“It was nice because he didn’t think I was a booth babe,” Ms. Hsu said, referring to hired models who stand near the booths of start-ups to draw the attention of conference attendees.Other women spoke about how the culture of blockchain was slowly wearing them down. Jay Graber, a developer at Zcash, a new cryptocurrency aimed at enhanced privacy, was wearing small green earrings she had made out of RAM sticks used in cryptocurrency gear. She said she had become interested in blockchain after joining the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2011, and she viewed the technology as a tool that could take power away from big central banks. Now she’s not so sure.“I never felt insecure before I got into this space,” Ms. Graber said. “But I just realized there is no one else like me. It is a very hard feeling when you don’t see anyone who is like you.”Ms. Graber said she had considered leaving the industry.“I have this perpetual sense of being on the outside of that conversation,” she said. “It’s just a general state of alienation.”SAN JUAN, P.R. — They call what they are building Puertopia. But then someone told them, apparently in all seriousness, that it translates to “eternal boy playground” in Latin. So they are changing the name: They will call it Sol.Dozens of entrepreneurs, made newly wealthy by blockchain and cryptocurrencies, are heading en masse to Puerto Rico this winter. They are selling their homes and cars in California and establishing residency on the Caribbean island in hopes of avoiding what they see as onerous state and federal taxes on their growing fortunes, some of which now reach into the billions of dollars.And these men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth: They want to build a crypto utopia, a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public, to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like. Blockchain, a digital ledger that forms the basis of virtual currencies, has the potential to reinvent society — and the Puertopians want to prove it.For more than a year, the entrepreneurs had been searching for the best location. After Hurricane Maria decimated Puerto Rico’s infrastructure in September and the price of cryptocurrencies began to soar, they saw an opportunity and felt a sense of urgency.So this crypto community flocked here to create its paradise. Now the investors are spending their days hunting for property where they could have their own airports and docks. They are taking over hotels and a museum in the capital’s historic section, called Old San Juan. They say they are close to getting the local government to allow them to have the first cryptocurrency bank.“What’s happened here is a perfect storm,” said Halsey Minor, the founder of the news site CNET, who is moving his new blockchain company — called Videocoin — from the Cayman Islands to Puerto Rico this winter. Referring to Hurricane Maria and the investment interest that has followed, he added, “While it was really bad for the people of Puerto Rico, in the long term it’s a godsend if people look past that.”Puerto Rico offers an unparalleled tax incentive: no federal personal income taxes, no capital gains tax and favorable business taxes — all without having to renounce your American citizenship. For now, the local government seems receptive toward the crypto utopians; the governor will speak at their blockchain summit conference, called Puerto Crypto, in March.The territory’s go-to blockchain tax lawyer is Giovanni Mendez, 30. He expected the tax expatriates to disappear after Hurricane Maria, but the population has instead boomed.“It’s increased monumentally,” said Mr. Mendez, who has about two dozen crypto clients. “And they all came together.”The movement is alarming an earlier generation of Puerto Rico tax expats like the hedge fund manager Robb Rill, who runs a social group for those taking advantage of the tax incentives.“They call me up saying they’re going to buy 250,000 acres so they can incorporate their own city, literally start a city in Puerto Rico to have their own crypto world,” said Mr. Rill, who moved to the island in 2013. “I can’t engage in that.”The newcomers are still debating the exact shape that Puertopia should take. Some think they need to make a city; others think it’s enough to move into Old San Juan. Puertopians said, however, that they hoped to move very fast.“You’ve never seen an industry catalyze a place like you’re going to see here,” Mr. Minor said.Until the Puertopians find land, they have descended on the Monastery, a 20,000-square-foot hotel they rented as their base and that was largely unscathed by the hurricane.Matt Clemenson and Stephen Morris were drinking beer on the Monastery’s roof one recent evening. Mr. Clemenson had an easygoing affect and wore two-tone aviators; Mr. Morris, a loquacious British man, was in cargo shorts and lace-up steel-toed combat boots, with a smartphone on a necklace. They wanted to make two things clear: They chose Puerto Rico because of the hurricane, and they come in peace.“It’s only when everything’s been swept away that you can make a case for rebuilding from the ground up,” Mr. Morris, 53, said.“We’re benevolent capitalists, building a benevolent economy,” said Mr. Clemenson, 34, a co-founder of Lottery.com, which is using the blockchain in lotteries. “Puerto Rico has been this hidden gem, this enchanted island that’s been consistently overlooked and mistreated. Maybe 500 years later we can make it right.”Other Puertopians arrived on the roof as a pack, just back from a full-day property-hunting bus tour. From the middle, Brock Pierce, 37, the leader of the Puertopia movement, emerged wearing drop crotch capri pants, a black vest that almost hit his knees and a large black felt hat. He and others had arrived on the island in early December.“Compassion, respect, financial transparency,” Mr. Pierce said when asked what was guiding them here.Mr. Pierce, the director of the Bitcoin Foundation, is a major figure in the crypto boom. He co-founded a blockchain-for-business start-up, Block.One, which has sold around $200 million of a custom virtual currency, EOS, in a so-called initial coin offering. The value of all the outstanding EOS tokens is around $6.5 billion.A former child actor, Mr. Pierce got into digital money early as a professional gamer, mining and trading gold in the video game World of Warcraft, an effort funded partly by Stephen K. Bannon, the former Trump adviser. Mr. Pierce is a controversial figure — he has previously been sued for fraud, among other matters.Downstairs, in the Monastery penthouse, a dozen or so other expats were hanging out. The water was out that night, so the toilets and faucets were dry. Mr. Minor lounged on an alcove chaise.“The U.S. doesn’t want us. It’s trying to choke off this economy,” Mr. Minor said, referring to the difficulties that crypto investors have with American banks. “There needs to be a place where people are free to invent.”Mr. Pierce paced the room with his hands in fists. A few times a day, he played a video for the group on his phone and a portable speaker: Charlie Chaplin’s 1940 “The Great Dictator,” in which Chaplin parodies Hitler rallying his forces. He finds inspiration in lines like “More than machinery, we need humanity.”“I’m worried people are going to misinterpret our actions,” Mr. Pierce said. “That we’re just coming to Puerto Rico to dodge taxes.”He said he was aiming to create a charitable token called ONE with $1 billion of his own money. “If you take the MY out of money, you’re left with ONE,” Mr. Pierce said.“He’s tuned in to a higher calling,” said Kai Nygard, scion of the Canadian clothing company Nygard and a crypto investor. “He’s beyond money.”The force of Mr. Pierce’s personality and his spiritual presence are important to the group, whose members are otherwise largely agnostic. Mr. Pierce regularly performs rituals. Earlier that day while scoping out property, they had stopped at a historic Ceiba tree, known as the Tree of Life.“Brock nestled into the bosom of it and was there for 10 minutes,” Mr. Nygard said.Mr. Pierce walked around the tree and said prayers for Puertopia, holding a rusted wrench he had picked up in the territory. He kissed an old man’s feet. He blessed a crystal in the water, as they all watched. He played the Chaplin speech to everyone and to the tree, Mr. Nygard said.That wrench is now in the penthouse, heavy and greasy.Later on, at a dinner in a nearby restaurant, the group ordered platters of octopus arms, fried cheese, ceviche and rum cocktails. They began debating whether to buy Puerto Rico’s Roosevelt Roads Naval Station, which measures 9,000 acres and has two deepwater ports and an adjacent airport. The only hitch: It’s a Superfund cleanup site.Mr. Pierce had fallen asleep by then, his hat tilted down and arms crossed. He gets two hours of sleep many nights, often on a firm grounding mat to stay in contact with the earth’s electric energy. Josh Boles, a tall, athletic man who is another crypto expat, picked him up, and the group headed back to the Monastery.They walked past a big pink building in an old town square, the start of their vision for Puertopia’s downtown. Once a children’s museum, they plan on making it a crypto clubhouse and outreach center that will have the mission “to bring together Puerto Ricans with Puertopians.”Workdays are casual in Puertopia. One morning, Bryan Larkin, 39, and Reeve Collins, 42, were working at another old hotel, the Condado Vanderbilt, where they had their laptops on a pool bar with frozen piña coladas on tap.“We’re going to make this crypto land,” Mr. Larkin said.Mr. Larkin has mined about $2 billion in Bitcoin and is the chief technology officer of Blockchain Industries, a publicly traded company based in Puerto Rico.Mr. Collins, an internet veteran, had raised more than $20 million from an initial coin offering for BlockV, his app store for the blockchain, whose outstanding tokens are worth about $125 million. He had also co-founded Tether, which backs cryptocurrency tied to the value of a dollar and whose outstanding tokens are worth about $2.1 billion, though the company has generated enormous controversy in the virtual currency world.“So, no. No, I don’t want to pay taxes,” Mr. Collins said. “This is the first time in human history anyone other than kings or governments or gods can create their own money.”He had moved from Santa Monica, Calif., with just a few bags and was now starting a local cryptocurrency incubator called Vatom Factory.“When Brock said, ‘We’re moving to Puerto Rico for the taxes and to create this new town,’ I said, ‘I’m in,’” Mr. Collins said. “Sight unseen.”They soon went back to work, checking out Coinmarketcap.com, a site that shows the price of cryptocurrencies.“Our market cap’s gone up $100 million in a week,” Mr. Collins said.“Congrats, man,” Mr. Larkin said.All across San Juan, many locals are trying to figure out what to do with the crypto arrivals.Some are open to the new wave as a welcome infusion of investment and ideas.“We’re open for crypto business,” said Erika Medina-Vecchini, the chief business development officer for the Department of Economic Development and Commerce, in an interview at her office. She said her office was starting an ad campaign aimed at the new crypto expat boom, with the tagline “Paradise Performs.”Others worry about the island’s being used for an experiment and talk about “crypto colonialism.” At a house party in San Juan, Richard Lopez, 32, who runs a pizza restaurant, Estella, in the town of Arecibo, said: “I think it’s great. Lure them in with taxes, and they’ll spend money.”Andria Satz, 33, who grew up in Old San Juan and works for the Conservation Trust of Puerto Rico, disagreed.“We’re the tax playground for the rich,” she said. “We’re the test case for anyone who wants to experiment. Outsiders get tax exemptions, and locals can’t get permits.”Mr. Lopez said the territory needed something to jump-start the economy. “We have to find a new way,” he said.“Sure then, Bitcoin, why not,” Ms. Satz said, throwing up her hands.Mr. Lopez said he and a childhood friend, Rafael Perez, 31, were trying to set up a Bitcoin mine in their hometown. But electricity has been inconsistent, and mining even a single Bitcoin takes a lot of power, he said.MEXICO CITY — With Venezuela suffering one of the most severe economic collapses of modern times, the beleaguered administration of President Nicolás Maduro announced on Tuesday that it had begun a presale of virtual currency backed by the nation’s vast petroleum reserves.The government, which had announced plans for the new digital currency late last year, said the initiative was a response to a financial crisis marked by a profound devaluation of the national currency, the bolívar, and quadruple-digit inflation.The country is suffering desperate scarcities of food and medicine, soaring crime rates and the collapse of public services and the health system. The crisis has driven hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans to flee the country seeking a better life.The Maduro administration hopes that sales of the digital currency, known as the petro, will help its treasury pay off debt and increase imports of vitally needed goods, as well as raw materials for manufacturing.Venezuelan officials also asserted that the new digital currency — the first to be issued by a nation — would allow investors to do an end run around sanctions imposed against their country by the Trump administration. These sanctions ban the purchase in American markets of new securities issued by the Venezuelan government, and outlaw business dealings with Mr. Maduro and several top administration officials.“For big problems, big solutions,” Mr. Maduro said Tuesday night at a ceremony in Caracas. “We Venezuelans are indomitable.”He called it a “cryptocurrency to take on Superman.”But many analysts and critics of the government did not give the digital currency much hope of success.“I just think it’s a desperate move by a regime that is increasingly isolated and has an economy that has spiraled out of its control,” said Cynthia J. Arnson, director of the Latin American Program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.The Venezuelan government has said the value of the petro will be tied in some way to the value of a barrel of Venezuelan oil. But the Maduro administration has not given many details on how this pricing would work, and many investors have said they would not trust the government to faithfully maintain the link between the petro and the price of oil.“The petro will most likely suffer all of the same ills as Venezuelan debt,” predicted David Smilde, a sociology professor at Tulane University who has researched Venezuela for more than two decades.A spokesman for the United States Treasury Department warned American investors last month that the petro might still run afoul of the sanctions, telling Reuters that the currency “would appear to be an extension of credit to the Venezuelan government” and could “expose U.S. persons to legal risk.”Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Republican, and Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, a Democratic, wrote to the Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, in January, asking him to monitor the situation closely.“We have serious doubts about whether Venezuela has the capacity to launch a cryptocurrency,” the letter said. “But regardless, it is imperative that the U.S. Treasury Department is equipped with tools and enforcement mechanisms to combat the use of cryptocurrency to evade U.S. sanctions in general, and in this case in particular.”Critics of the Maduro administration, including many in the international community, attribute the nation’s economic problems to government mismanagement. Mr. Maduro blames a conspiracy involving the political opposition working in concert with foreign governments, especially the United States.On Monday, Mr. Maduro made an overture to President Trump, inviting him for bilateral talks through a Twitter post.“@RealDonaldTrump campaigned promoting noninterference in other countries’ domestic affairs, “ he said. “The time has come to fulfill it and change your agenda of aggression for one of dialogue.”Mr. Maduro added: “Dialogue in Caracas or in Washington, D.C.?”The Trump administration has sought to justify its sanctions against Venezuelan officials by accusing them of political repression and public corruption.Last month, while adding four more names to the growing list of Venezuelan officials placed in the sanctions list, the Treasury Department criticized the nation’s all-powerful Constituent Assembly for prohibiting three major opposition parties from participating in the presidential election.Mr. Maduro will be running for re-election in the April race, and with his government in control of the electoral machinery and the highest court, he is expected to win. But the United States, Colombia and other countries have already declared that they will not recognize the results.Ms. Arnson said the introduction of the currency could provide a political lift to Mr. Maduro’s re-election ambitions.“Looking like you’re doing something to save the economy, that goes beyond paying off your foreign creditors, is an important part of the electoral strategy,” she said. “But I think this is fantasy-land in terms of being an economic life jacket.”The Venezuelan government’s petro initiative is one of the wildest outgrowths of an explosion in activity around virtual currencies over the last year. Inspired by the skyrocketing price of Bitcoin in 2017, many entrepreneurs raised money by creating and selling their own virtual currencies in so-called initial coin offerings.Many governments around the world have also been examining whether it would make sense to issue their own electronic currencies on something similar to the network that Bitcoin runs on, with the Bank of England and the People’s Bank of China announcing experiments.Russian government officials have also discussed issuing some sort of crypto-ruble, to evade American sanctions.But no government has moved ahead more swiftly, and with more abandon, than Venezuela.The documents that have been put out by the Venezuelan government suggest that the petro’s release will be similar to the offerings done by private companies.The petro white paper said the process would begin with a presale of digital tokens, to gauge demand, and then be followed by an “Initial Coin Offer,” with 82 million petros released to the public. The petros are then supposed to be tradable on virtual currency exchanges around the world, the white paper says.A petro website says the Venezuelan government will accept the petro for tax payments and fees. Mr. Maduro directed the state oil company, PDVSA, and other public companies to handle a percentage of their sales and purchases in petros.Coin offerings have been attractive to entrepreneurs because investors can send their money using Bitcoin or other existing virtual currencies, which do not go through banks or other institutions that could decline the transactions.The movement of money outside of the traditional banking system has allowed coin offerings to go ahead even though American regulators have said that most of them are probably violating the law.The same structure could be beneficial to Venezuela, given that it is facing American sanctions that have made it hard to raise money through established channels.For investors, though, the petro may be a hard sell, given that the system will be designed and controlled by the Venezuelan government, which has not been the most reliable financial player.The design of the petro, while clearly inspired by Bitcoin, would, in some ways, be the opposite of most virtual currencies like Bitcoin, which are designed to operate without any central government or authority in charge.Bitcoin has largely won over investors because there is no central authority that could suddenly change the number of Bitcoins to be released, or the rules of the network.With the petro, on the other hand, the confidence of investors is likely to be only as strong as their confidence in the Maduro government.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Judge deals AT&T a setback in fight with Justice Department• Billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen lost a bid to seal a sex discrimination lawsuit against his investment firm.• Corporate leaders are discussing whether the finance industry can help regulate gun sales.• Walmart’s fourth-quarter earnings missed expectations.• Facebook is still facing blowback for an executive’s tweets about Russian electoral meddling.• Qualcomm’s revised bid for NXP raises questions about Broadcom’s pursuit of the company.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The telecom company had asked for internal communications between the White House and the Justice Department regarding AT&T’s $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner.On Tuesday, a judge ruled that AT&T was not entitled to those documents, saying the companies had not “made a credible showing that they have been especially singled out.”AT&T has argued that the Justice Department has unfairly singled out its proposed merger with Time Warner partly to stay in favor with the White House. President Trump has been a vocal critic of Time Warner’s news network, CNN, and said before the election that the deal should be stopped.The bigger pictureCecilia Kang of the NYT: The trial is set to begin on March 19.For the first time, and after much protest, public companies must report their employees’ median pay and compare it with that of the chief executive. The Dodd-Frank Act, passed nearly eight years ago, required the disclosure, and firms are now disclosing it in proxy reports for 2017.Companies, lobbyists and some compensation experts spent years criticizing the rule, arguing that it revealed little about pay trends and was of little use to shareholders. The Institute for Policy Studies, a liberal-leaning think tank, on Tuesday noted that Honeywell was the first United States corporation to release the ratio. The company’s C.E.O., Darius Adamczyk, had a total pay package of $16.8 million in 2017, which was 333 times the pay of the median employee.The rule allows certain companies to exclude some foreign employees from the calculation of the ratio. Honeywell excluded workers from several countries where pay is most likely lower than in the United States. “The 333:1 ratio that Honeywell is reporting most likely would be even wider if Honeywell took all its workers into account,” the Institute said.— Peter EavisA federal judge in Manhattan, in a brief order, rejected a motion filed by lawyers for Mr. Cohen and his firm, Point72 Asset Management, to temporarily seal a complaint filed last week by Lauren Bonner, an employee of the firm. Mr. Cohen’s lawyer had asked the judge to seal the lawsuit, which alleges the firm underpays female employees and fosters a hostile workplace for women, pending the resolution of another motion to push the matter into arbitration.Judge Analisa Torres of Federal District Court in Manhattan said the request to seal the entire complaint was “not narrowly tailored” and was inconsistent with the “presumption of public access” to court records.Lawyers for Mr. Cohen had sought to seal the order because it contained details of other employees’ compensation packages. The lawsuit also detailed a testosterone-fueled “boys’ club” atmosphere in which men commented frequently on women’s bodies and belittled their abilities.— Matthew GoldsteinAndrew writes:My latest column, on how banks and credit card companies could restrict support of gun sales in the wake of last week’s school shooting, has stirred up chatter in the business world. I’ve heard from people throughout corporate America overnight since it was published. Many said privately that they want to look at what they can do.More from the column:Elsewhere in gun regulation: President Trump expressed some openness to tightening background checks.The United States Treasury Department is flooding the market with debt. On Tuesday, the government sold $179 billion worth of debt.Bloomberg reports:That’s been a regular question since the tax overhaul was signed into law last year. Analysts at Goldman Sachs in a note over the weekend shed some light on the answer.• “Companies have pointed to a modest increase in investment as one destination for the incremental cash flow from tax reform. Consensus estimates for 2018 capex have increased by $17 billion (3 percent) since the passage of tax reform.”• Last month 39 S.&P. 500 companies increased their dividend, while for the first since 2012 no companies cut their payments.• Buying back shares remains a priority of companies, Goldman writes. Over the past 2 ½ months, S.&P. 500 firms have announced $171 billion of buybacks, $67 billion of which has come this year, a 22% increase from the same period in 2017.In the same note, Goldman also took a closer look at this earnings season.By many measures, corporate earnings are the strongest they have been in the past decade. Goldman points out:• Companies in the S.&P. 500 are set to report that profit grew 15 percent last quarter. That’s the fastest pace since 2011.• The percentage of companies beating estimates is at its highest level since 2010. The percentage beating sales forecast is at its highest since 2004.But the stock reaction to S.&P. 500 companies either beating or missing expectations “has been muted relative to history.”The reason? Investors are more focused on tax reform and earnings forecasts for 2018, Goldman writes. Analysts have raised their 2018 earnings estimates for companies in the S.&P. 500 by 7 percent so far this year.Some contextHigher profit margins because of the lower corporate tax rate are driving much of the increase in this year’s earnings forecast. A point that becomes clearer by looking at 2018 sales estimates. Analysts have increased their revenue forecasts by only one percentage point and much of that increase comes from higher oil prices boosting forecasts for energy companies.Remember when the company said that it was changing its name from Long Island Iced Tea and shift its corporate focus to virtual currencies?Well, new developments have come up:• Long Blockchain has named a new C.E.O., Shamyl Malik.• It plans to spin off its beverage division into the publicly traded Long Island Brand Beverages by June 30, and the company’s last C.E.O., Philip Thomas, will be on the new business’ board.• And last week, Nasdaq informed Long Blockchain that it planned to delist the company because its stock price had traded too low. Long Blockchain’s market cap as of this morning was $31.9 million, below Nasdaq’s threshold, after shares in the company tumbled amid the great crypto crash of early 2018. The company is appealing.— Michael de la MercedHere’s why the company’s shares are down 10percent — their biggest fall since 2015 — after its fourth-quarter earnings report:• The company earned $1.33 a share, while analysts had expected $1.37.• Operating income fell 28 percent, to $4.5 billion, thanks to charges tied to the closing of Sam’s Club stores.• E-commerce sales rose 23 percent during the quarter, a slower pace than in previous quarters.• Full-year sales growth expectations went down by close to half, to 1.5 percent to 2 percent, in part because of Sam’s Club and a curb on the sales of tobacco products.What the company’s chief, Doug McMillon, said:— Michael de la MercedDays after Rob Goldman, its vice president of advertising, tried to clear up misconceptions about the company’s role in the 2016 presidential election, Facebook still finds itself in hot water. President Trump took the tweets as proof that Russia didn’t try to help him win, while critics said they contradicted Robert Mueller’s indictment.Mr. Goldman apologized in an internal Facebook post. But his tweets — which contained inaccuracies — suggested that Facebook executives still don’t understand how central the company was to Russia’s misinformation campaign, according to Nicholas Thomson of Wired.More from Kevin Roose of the NYT:Josh Hendler, the former head of tech for the Democratic National Committee, told the WSJ, “It was an almost perfect example of Silicon Valley overconfidence and lack of sophistication when it comes to politics.”The tech flyaround• One sign of how highly Google and Facebook value A.I.: The researchers sit near their C.E.O.s. (NYT)• Is Google’s ad blocker for the Chrome browser good for the web? (NYT)• Washington’s mayor, Muriel Bowser, toured San Francisco to promote her city’s tech bona fides. (WaPo)• And Washington has granted Elon Musk’s Boring Company permission to do a little digging. (WaPo)• Snapchat and Nike’s partnership during the N.B.A. All-Star Weekend highlighted the social network’s future in e-commerce. (Recode)• Sony is planning an A.I.-based ride-hailing system for Tokyo. (Reuters)With Qualcomm raising its offer for NXP to $127.50 a share from $110, it may have finally found a way to beat back its persistent and unwanted suitor. Broadcom has said a higher NXP bid would be a deal-breaker (as of this morning, however, Michael hears that it isn’t clear whether it will walk away).The new offer may have come at an opportune time: I.S.S., the influential proxy adviser, recommended that Qualcomm shareholders vote for four of Broadcom’s six board nominees. (But that too falls short of Broadcom’s goals. The company’s C.E.O., Hock Tan, has said he would walk away if the entire slate wasn’t elected.)A question: Elliott Management, which campaigned against the $110-a-share offer, is on board with the new one. But will Qualcomm’s shareholders accept paying more for NXP?It and other hedge funds stand to be big winners from Qualcomm’s raised offer.Bloomberg points out that Elliott, Soroban Capital Partners, Pentwater Capital Management and Farallon Capital Management own 47 percent of NXP’s shares.The deals flyaround• Albertsons plans to buy Rite Aid to better compete with Amazon, Walmart and Walgreens. (Albertsons)• BHP Billiton’s C.E.O. will meet with Elliott Management to discuss changing its corporate strategy. (Bloomberg)• SoftBank wants a seat on Swiss Re’s board as part of any minority investment. But Patrick Jenkins of the FT ponders whether Masa Son can become a digital Warren Buffett.• The marketing company Engine Shop has bought T Burns Sports Group, the consultancy founded by Terrence Burns, who worked on eight winning Olympic and World Cup campaigns, including Pyeongchang’s. (Sports Pro Media)• How Spotify’s privately traded shares could influence its direct listing. (WSJ)• The head of Arcadia, which owns Topshop, denied being in talks to sell it to a Chinese textile giant. (FT)• ValueAct has bought 5.4 percent of Merlin Entertainments, which owns Madame Tussauds, as U.S. activists continue to seek targets in Europe. (FT)• Temenos of Switzerland is near a deal to buy Fidessa, a British maker of financial software, for more than £1.3 billion. (FT)• President Trump has endorsed the Senate campaign of Mitt Romney, whom he once called “one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics.”• Public support for the tax overhaul is rising, according to a survey by the NYT and SurveyMonkey. It has also made BlackRock more optimistic about stock prices. Republicans are divided over whether the Office Management and Budget should get involved in tax rules.• The recent budget deal takes a step toward a federal rescue for as many as 200 multi-employer pension plans. (NYT)• The Office of Financial Research, Washington’s financial storm forecaster, is foundering. (WSJ)• How Michael Cohen, Mr. Trump’s longtime personal lawyer, used intimidation, hush money and a top tabloid publisher to protect his client. (NYT)• The Trump administration is continuing to dismantle Obama-era L.G.B.T. policies. (Politico)• The California assemblywoman Cristina Garcia, a leading voice for #MeToo, has been accused of sexually harassing staffers. (WaPo)An estimated $201.7 million in three-day ticket sales in the U.S., and $235 million in four-day sales. The fifth-biggest U.S. box office opening ever, not adjusted for inflation. An estimated $387 million in sales worldwide. (Oh, and a soundtrack that’s leading Billboard’s chart.)Has Disney’s latest blockbuster erased the notion that there aren’t big audiences for movies with largely black casts? More from Brooks Barnes of the NYT:Random musings (spoilers ahead!): What effect would Wakanda opening itself up have for global trade balances? What would happen to mining stocks? How would its immigration policies work if the country’s ruler says, “In times of crisis, the wise build bridges?” Does Wakanda have its own blockchain technology?Investors have been held hostage until they paid Bitcoin or Ether ransoms worth millions of dollars, as criminals increasingly target at the crypto-rich. The worst part: There’s no way to halt or reverse a Bitcoin transfer.Solutions discussed at a recent conference included hiring security, setting up “duress wallets” to fool hostage takers, and keeping Bitcoin fortunes secret.Elsewhere in virtual currencies: China’s crackdown on crypto hasn’t dented investor enthusiasm there. Prime Shipping Foundation, which struck the first freight deal settled in Bitcoin, plans an initial coin offering And retail investors would suffer most if the digital money markets collapsed, according to S. & P. Global Ratings.Where Bitcoin is today: About $11,490, according to CoinMarketCap.Critics’ corner• Mark Carney of the Bank of England says Bitcoin has failed as a currency. (Reuters)• Paul Singer of Elliott Management called virtual currencies “one of the most brilliant scams in history.” (Business Insider)• Sarah Tavel of Benchmark thinks digital money has a bright future but many I.C.O.s are “complete scams.” (Recode)• John Flint, HSBC’s incoming C.E.O., is a virtual currency skeptic too. (Bloomberg)• Deutsche Bank is cutting 250 to 500 investment banking jobs, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Bernie Sinniah, Citibank’s global head of foreign exchange solutions, is stepping down after 38 years at the bank. He’ll be replaced by Sam Hewson. (FT)— Ken Frazier, the C.E.O. of Merck, on why he spoke out against Mr. Trump’s unwillingness to condemn the white nationalist attack in Charlottesville, Va.• HSBC’s full-year results missed expectations, partly because of the collapses of Steinhoff International in South Africa and Carillion in Britain. (WSJ)• Private equity bosses face an uncomfortable choice between becoming corporations, potentially bolstering their valuations, and staying as partnerships to keep taxes lower. (FT)• WeWork’s C.E.O. doesn’t just want to lease communal offices. He wants to transform how people work, live and play. (NYT)• Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May, is considering a contingency plan that would involve holding back billions of pounds in Brexit payments if the E.U. does not give Britain the trade deal it wants, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• The European Central Bank has asked Latvia to freeze payments to its third-largest lender, ABLV Bank, after the U.S. Treasury Department said it may label the firm a money launderer for North Korea. (Bloomberg)• Fox News is planning a stand-alone subscription service, available without a cable package. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — If you want to understand the priorities of a technology company, first look at the seating chart.At Google’s Silicon Valley headquarters, the chief executive, Sundar Pichai, now shares a floor with Google Brain, a research lab dedicated to artificial intelligence.When Facebook created its own artificial intelligence lab at its offices about seven miles away, it temporarily gave A.I. researchers desks next to the fish bowl of a conference room where its chief executive and founder, Mark Zuckerberg, holds his meetings.“I can high-five Mark and Sheryl from my desk, and the A.I. team was right next to us,” said Facebook’s chief technology officer, Mike Schroepfer, referring to Mr. Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer.Even Overstock.com, the online retailer based in the Salt Lake City area, now runs a mini-research operation called OLabs. It sits directly outside the office of the company’s chief executive, Patrick Byrne.A growing number of tech companies are pushing research labs and other far-reaching engineering efforts closer to the boss. The point is unmistakable: What they are doing matters to the chief executive. It may even be the future of the company.“The world is moving faster and faster. It is being driven by technology and innovation,” said John Kotter, an emeritus professor at Harvard Business School who has written several books on business leadership. “And a lot of these businesses are concluding that the speed of technological innovation should be the heart of everything.”A year ago, the Google Brain team of mathematicians, coders and hardware engineers sat in a small office building on the other side of the company’s campus. But over the past few months, it switched buildings and now works right beside the loungelike area where Mr. Pichai and other top executives work.Jeffrey Dean, the celebrated Google engineer who oversees the Brain lab, is a short walk from Mr. Pichai. So are Ian Goodfellow, the researcher behind a new A.I. technique that generates lifelike images on its own, and Norm Jouppi, who explores ways of accelerating A.I. research through a new breed of computer chip.“Any C.E.O. thinks a lot about where people are sitting — who they can walk around and have casual conversations with,” said Diane Greene, who oversees Google’s cloud computing team and sits on the board of Alphabet, Google’s parent company. “It is a very significant statement that he has moved that group right next him.”Google is placing big bets on the A.I. being explored by researchers like Mr. Goodfellow. Many questions still hang over the progress of this research. But Mr. Pichai and the rest of the Google leadership hope it will accelerate the evolution of everything from smartphones and home appliances to internet services and robotics.To Mr. Byrne, shaking up the seating chart at Overstock was a bit like a common management tactic in the military, when an officer will work closely with a small “command initiatives group” that is considerably more nimble than the rest of the organization.“We were getting bureaucratic,” Mr. Byrne said. “And this was a way of creating added competition outside the bureaucracy.”These big companies are trying to duplicate the vibe of a Silicon Valley start-up, where the boss is next to everyone. As start-ups grow, they often put key technology teams next to the chief executive. Ms. Greene, who was the chief executive of the software company VMware, said she had always made a point of sitting beside the top engineers because they saw the company’s future.There are limits to these arrangements. When Facebook built a team to explore the future of virtual reality on its vast social network, it made a similar desk move. The group is no longer seated next to Mr. Zuckerberg. Facebook said this was because the group had grown too large. But across Silicon Valley, virtual reality is no longer the buzziest of topics. That honor belongs to artificial intelligence.Where you sit has mattered for years at Facebook. The company’s ad group traditionally sat far away from Mr. Zuckerberg. But after Facebook went public and started a big push for revenue, important members of the ad team moved next to the boss, said Antonio García Martínez, who wrote a book about his experiences inside Facebook.At Overstock, Mr. Byrne walks past his small research team every time he leaves his office. Like Ms. Greene, he sees this as an opportunity for spontaneous interaction. The team members can discuss their work with him, and Mr. Byrne, a doctor of philosophy with a long history of unorthodox business choices, will share his far-reaching ideas with them. And he gets to hear, without the pressure of a formal presentation, what the engineers are excited about.“It was undeniable that proximity sparked conversation,” said Judd Bagley, a kind of roving technologist and strategist who once worked in this group. “Patrick prides himself on being able to walk up to anyone at the company, say ‘hello,’ and occasionally even eat french fries off the plate on their desk.”Through OLabs, Overstock became the first major retailer to accept payment in the Bitcoin digital currency, and the lab eventually produced a company spinoff that seeks to apply the Bitcoin ethos to financial trading. Now, in an echo of the A.I. labs at Google and Facebook, the operation is focused on machine learning, which involves systems that can learn tasks on their own by analyzing large amounts of data.If a chief executive is close to these researchers, he or she is learning from them. But the boss is also showing them how important they are to the company. That is enormously valuable for engineers and mathematicians who are not necessarily generating immediate revenue, said Kevin Quennesson, a start-up executive who ran an A.I. team at Twitter.He also warned that companies risked putting too much pressure on researchers to produce results from work that was, by definition, a trip into the unknown. Amid so much spontaneous conversation with the chief executive, Mr. Bagley said, it is sometimes difficult to tell the difference between “the formal direction and informal brainstorming.”Status at Facebook was defined by how close your desk was to Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Martínez said. And if you were close to the boss, other groups resented you.Priorities also tend to ebb and flow. At Overstock, a new Bitcoin project will squeeze in beside OLabs. And at Facebook, the A.I. lab is no longer side by side with Mr. Zuckerberg because it also grew too large.Still, this work is particularly important to the company as it works to ensure “the safety and integrity of our community” — which has become Facebook code for guarding against false, misleading or dangerous activity on its social network, Mr. Schroepfer said. And the A.I. team is still only a short walk from Mr. Zuckerberg.New York Times reporters and editors are highlighting great stories from around the web. You can receive What We’re Reading by email, and let us know how you like it at wwr@nytimes.com.From Munchies (Vice): You think you know everything about all the great food writers? You don’t. Even people who know the Geechee magic of Vertamae Smart-Grosvenor will learn a lot about the woman who cooked without recipes and chastised white cooks like James Beard for acting “like they invented food and like there is some weird mystique surrounding it.” — Kim Severson, national food correspondent_____From The New York Times: In today’s installment of my partisan roundup, I feature a writer on the right explaining why he believes assault weapons are necessarily protected by the Second Amendment. I also feature a writer on the left arguing that more security in school may have the unintended effect of sending more minority students to prison for minor infractions. — Anna Dubenko, senior digital strategist_____From GQ: This profile of the ’90s leading man Brendan Fraser explores how a once-ubiquitous celebrity dropped off the public’s radar. Ultimately, the question of why Mr. Fraser, the star of “The Mummy,” seemed to disappear is answered in the testimony of a male sexual abuse survivor. Mr. Fraser’s personal and career struggles reveal that self-doubt, loneliness and internal loss can be crippling, regardless of gender. — Phoebe Lett, Editorial Board assistant_____From The Nib: Four cartoonists offer their illustrated takes on four unsung black history heroes, perfect to cap off Black History Month. One you’ll probably recognize if you’re a fan of comic books, but the other three are real-life figures who can stand next to any larger-than-life superhero. — Alan Henry, Smarter Living editor_____From New York Magazine: We’ve all had roommates who don’t do their dishes or have weird habits, but the “Worst Roommate Ever” in this week’s New York magazine lives up to the billing. “So I Married an Axe Murderer” meets true crime in a wild story of identity fraud and violence. Thank your lucky stars the roommate described in William Brennan’s story never showed up on your doorstep with six large storage bins, a cat and a dog he spoke to exclusively in Dutch. — Remy Tumin, news assistant_____From Music Business World: To make extra cash online, you can mine cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin with your computer or sign onto Amazon’s Mechanical Turk to complete surveys and other tasks. Alternatively, consider the enterprising soul in Bulgaria who set up questionable playlists on the streaming music service Spotify and appears to have raked in hundreds of thousands of dollars. What will they think of next? — Michael Roston, senior staff editor, Science_____From Lifehacker: Pick up other people’s litter? This article sent me back in time. My dad made all the kids in the family fieldstrip picnic areas and campsites, and not only our own. It was a task I hated, complained about, resented … and now I pick up trash in my community garden, on beaches, along roadsides. It’s not an obsession, just a small, practical statement of love for the Earth, for my fellow humans and for Dad, who lives again in my memory with each bend and toss. — Andrea Kannapell, editor, What We’re ReadingFor the past year, chief executives have often talked about the new sense of moral responsibility that corporations have to help their communities and confront social challenges even when Washington won’t.In the aftermath of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., that killed 17 students and staff members — and at a time when Washington shows little interest in limiting the sales of assault weapons — there’s a real opportunity for the business community to fill the void and prove that all that talk about moral responsibility isn’t hollow.Here’s an idea.What if the finance industry — credit card companies like Visa, Mastercard and American Express; credit card processors like First Data; and banks like JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo — were to effectively set new rules for the sales of guns in America?Collectively, they have more leverage over the gun industry than any lawmaker. And it wouldn’t be hard for them to take a stand.PayPal, Square, Stripe and Apple Pay announced years ago that they would not allow their services to be used for the sale of firearms.“We do not believe permitting the sale of firearms on our platform is consistent with our values or in the best interests of our customers,” a spokesman for Square told me.The big financial firms don’t even have to go that far.For example, Visa, which published a 71-page paper in 2016 espousing its “corporate responsibility,” could easily change its terms of service to say that it won’t do business with retailers that sell assault weapons, high-capacity magazines and bump stocks, which make semiautomatic rifles fire faster. (Even the National Rifle Association has said it would support tighter restrictions on bump stocks.)If Mastercard were to do the same, assault weapons would be eliminated from virtually every firearms store in America because otherwise the sellers would be cut off from the credit card system.There is precedent for credit card issuers to ban the purchase of completely legal products. Just this month, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America banned the use of their cards to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.To be clear: Those three banks won’t let you use your credit card to buy Bitcoin, but they will happily let you use it to buy an AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle — the same kind of gun used in mass shootings in Parkland; Newtown, Conn.; San Bernardino, Calif.; Las Vegas; and Sutherland Springs, Tex.Visa, oddly enough, is the card of choice of the N.R.A.: There is actually an N.R.A.-branded Visa card issued by First Bankcard, a division of First National Bank of Omaha. And Mastercard proudly announced last year that it was the branded card for Cabela’s, an outdoor gear megastore with a seemingly limitless assault-weapon catalog.Visa spokesmen did not reply to several emails seeking comment. A spokesman for Mastercard sent a boilerplate statement that expressed “disgust with recent events, including last week in Florida.”“Our payments network is governed by standards that have been established over time,” the statement said. “Chief among these is that we do not and will not permit merchants to engage in unlawful activity on our network.” He said the company would continue to talk to customers and lawmakers about its policies.If Visa and Mastercard are unwilling to act on this issue, the credit card processors and banks that issue credit cards could try. Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, which issues credit cards and owns a payment processor, has talked about how he and his bank have “a moral obligation but also a deeply vested interest” in helping “solve pressing societal challenges.” This is your chance, Mr. Dimon.And here’s a variation on the same theme: What if the payment processing industry’s biggest customers — companies like McDonald’s, Starbucks, Apple, Amazon, AT&T, CVS and others that regularly talk about “social responsibility” — collectively pressured the industry to do it? There’s a chance that some of the payment processors would stop handling gun sales. Perhaps their voices would help push one of the banks to step out and lead?Is all of this a pipe dream? Maybe, but I spent the last 72 hours calling and emailing a handful of chief executives to discuss these ideas. None wanted to speak on the record, because it’s a hot-button topic. But all applauded the idea and some said they had already been thinking about it. A few, I discovered later, called their peers to begin a conversation.At least two executives said a reason that they haven’t been more outspoken yet is that they fear reprisals from the N.R.A. and other gun supporters — not just in the form of boycotts that could affect their bottom line, but also actions that could imperil the safety of their employees.Obviously there would be opposition. When Peter Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal, was asked at a conference about his former company’s decision to not do business with firearms merchants, he made his displeasure clear. “No, I wouldn’t be doing that if I was still running it,” said Mr. Thiel, who left the company years ago and is a supporter of President Trump.Perhaps the biggest stumbling block to an approach like this are companies like Walmart, which has huge sway over the financial industry. While Walmart stopped selling assault rifles in 2015, it might look askance at any policy by a bank issuer or credit card company to limit the kinds of products it sells.Critics of using the finance industry to influence gun sales might argue that such a move would be discriminatory against gun retailers. But gun sellers are not a protected class, like age, race, gender, religion or even political affiliation. This would be a strictly commercial decision.Another critique is that it is impossible to prevent every shooting, no matter how guns are restricted. And the banks’ actions would affect millions of their own law-abiding customers, effectively dictating what they can and cannot buy.The most troubling aspect of having the finance industry try to restrict gun sales is that it would push the most dangerous guns into an untraceable world where sales would depend on cash. That’s true. All things considered, though, it would make it considerably harder to even find such guns.There are other sectors of the finance industry that could step up. For example, Lloyd’s of London is the favored insurance company for gun shows. It could pull out.None of this is a panacea. But it’s a start. It takes leadership and courage — exactly what these executives say they have. If they don’t want to back up their words with actions, the next time there’s a school shooting that prompts a conversation about gun companies, it should also include the financial complex that supports them.RE: CryptocurrencySteven Johnson wrote about the greater potential for blockchain.This is one of the best articles ever written on the potential of the technology that underlies Bitcoin. People are getting distracted by valuations of cryptographic currencies, but that’s not the point: The value of this technology is in self-executing contracts. This technology can replace banks, stock exchanges, insurance companies and other record-keeping organizations. Why would you need to do an I.P.O. if you can raise money through an I.C.O.? Why would you need a bank if you can keep your money securely in cryptographic currencies? This technology is set to disrupt and transform industries. This is bigger than the internet. Ravi Srivastava, West Hartford, Conn.Speaking as someone with a fair amount of academic background in distributed systems and databases, this entire debate is exasperating. Decentralization has been possible on the internet for decades without blockchain. The problem has been entirely a matter of economic, political and social choices to preference private, closed-source and centralized solutions because they’re easy and require zero effort.Moreover, and this is the critical mistake this article makes, the previous generation of web technologies (from Google forward) all uncritically tried to solve social and political problems with technology, a fool’s errand. Take the medical records example given in the article. The problem isn’t trust, security or verifiability, the things that blockchain can solve. The problem, contrary to what the author says, is actually that no one in the market has any incentive to interoperate.This sort of techno-optimism needs to die on the vine. Stop looking to technology to fix society. Go out and engage. Oreoluwa Babarinsa, AtlantaRE: OregonJennifer Percy wrote about the fear of the federal government among some ranchers in eastern Oregon.I grew up in rural Colorado and have lived in the western United States nearly my entire life. To a degree, I get where the people written about in this article are coming from; the West they believe in — remote and desolate, yet awesomely beautiful and resource-rich, far from that icky urban environment — is a familiar, comfortable home. But much of what they believe is demonstrably false. If all the federal land out West that’s not a military installation or a national park were devolved to the states or to private landowners, the locals would probably not stand to gain anything. If the states were to end up with federal lands, grazing and mineral-extraction fees would almost certainly go up, and by quite a bit.Could the federal government do a better job coordinating with local interests when it comes to the use of federal lands? Yes, but that doesn’t equate to the right to use the land to the point where it can no longer sustain either cattle or indigenous fauna or where streams that so many rely on for drinking water are polluted. Mark Janes, Guerneville, Calif.Like the author, I was born and raised in rural Oregon, and I share her idyllic love of the natural environment and the people of my home state. However, I took issue with the descriptions of the people at large, particularly the careers of the people of rural Oregon as stereotypes of a dying, white working class. There is a description of the people gathered at the high school in Redmond, Ore., as “ranchers, miners and loggers.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the people of Deschutes County in rural Oregon, which includes Redmond and the author’s hometown, Tumalo, do the same work as the rest of the country. Most people, at 16.6 percent, are in fields related to “office and administrative support” (above the national average), and 0.2 percent are in “farming, fishing and forestry” (just below the national average of 0.3 percent). The people of rural Oregon work largely the same jobs that the rest of the country does: food service, sales, health, education, construction. I think it’s important when speaking of economic insecurities to accurately describe the economic reality that these stories exist in. Quincy Hayden, Springfield, Ore. Olympic security, political strongmen and talking orcas. Here’s your Morning Briefing: • The Winter Games open in South Korea next week under a shadow that rivals any in Olympic history: The threat of nuclear war.Security is already ultratight: The South mobilized tens of thousands of security personnel — including 50,000 soldiers — to protect the 100,000 spectators expected to converge each day on Pyeongchang, just 50 miles from North Korea.Even the arrival of Pyongyang’s athletes hasn’t convinced everyone. “North Korea will cause trouble one way or another,” said one analyst._____• Secrets and security.Across the world, autocratic leaders are engaging in increasingly brazen behavior — rigging votes, muzzling the press and persecuting opponents.The global tide is being driven by a bewildering range of factors, among them surging populism, waves of migration crises, economic inequality and the disappearance of rebukes from the U.S.President Trump “has barely paid lip service to the promotion of universal human rights,” our Cairo bureau chief writes. Experts say his embrace of hard-line leaders, like President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, shown above on a poster, has encouraged their excesses._____• A secret Republican memo that has divided Washington could be released as early as today — after President Trump paved the way for it to be declassified.The memo, written by staffers for Devin Nunes of California, above, purports to show how the F.B.I. and the Justice Department abused their authority to obtain a warrant to spy on a former Trump campaign adviser.The president’s decision came despite a chorus of warnings from national security officials. The F.B.I. warned that it had “grave concerns” about making the memo public._____• “Who wouldn’t do the same to feed a family?”That was our correspondent on the front lines of the Rohingya crisis, describing how some Rohingya refugees fabricate tales of suffering to compete for relief supplies.The false narratives, while understandable, can buttress Myanmar’s denials of ethnic cleansing, she says.And she emphasizes that the Muslim minority’s collective suffering is all too real. Nearly 700,000 have been driven out of Myanmar in recent months by a military campaign of  murder, rape and other atrocities. Above, Rohingya children at a refugee camp in Bangladesh._____• Health care shake-ups.In India, the government says it will offer 100 million families up to about $7,860 a year in coverage. No word, however, on where the money would come from.And Amazon and two other U.S. companies caused a stir this week by announcing a plan to form an independent health care company for their employees.But in China, Alibaba and Tencent have been disrupting the health care sector for years, often by developing A.I. applications that aid doctors._____• Way beyond whalesong.Wikie, a killer whale, can mimic human sounds, like “Amy” “bye-bye” (and a very rude raspberry). Listen to her say hello.The research suggests that orcas learn to communicate with one another through a social process, the lead researcher said — and adds to a growing case against capturing them._____• HNA of China, the big Chinese conglomerate struggling under an estimated $90 billion in debt after a global shopping spree, appears to be trying to get its employees to bail it out. We obtained emails in which they were offered big returns — as high as 40 percent — to hand over money.• Investors are worried about the health of Bitfinex, a widely used Bitcoin exchange, which was recently subpoenaed by a U.S. regulatory agency. (Our columnist calls Bitcoin “a bubble wrapped in techno-mysticism inside a cocoon of libertarian ideology.”)• Alibaba’s revenue rose by more than half in the last quarter of 2017. It was the company’s slowest growth rate in a year, but still better than expected, and its stock more than doubled last year.• U.S. stocks were flat. Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• A fire in Sapporo, Japan, ravaged a wooden housing facility for impoverished citizens, killing eight men and three women. [The Asahi Shimbun]• In the Philippines, the police arrested a top leader of a decades-old Communist insurgency, the latest sign that President Rodrigo Duterte is not interested in resuming peace talks. [The New York Times]• A Chinese military aircraft crashed this week during drills in Guizhou province, killing at least 12 crew members and exposing the limits of the air force’s technology. [South China Morning Post]• A dozen U.S. lawmakers nominated Hong Kong’s pro-democracy movement, and its student leader, Joshua Wong, for this year’s Nobel Peace Prize. The move is certain to provoke anger from Beijing. [Reuters]• The water supply in Cape Town, South Africa, is dangerously close to running dry. Officials say taps for the city’s four million residents could be shut off in less than three months if the current drought continues. [The New York Times]• Three Danish tourists survived after driving into a river in northern Australia that was known to be full of crocodiles. They spent the night on the roof of their car. [ABC]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Aiming to up your workout this weekend? Check out the rigorous gym sessions that keep the American skier Lindsey Vonn from wiping out.• Kitchen advice: Learn the best ways to cut almost anything (without hurting yourself).• Stuck waiting months for the replacement iPhone battery Apple promised? We have tips.• Soumya Sankar Bose, a photographer in the Indian city of Kolkata, explored the psychological ramifications of India’s anti-L.G.B.T.Q. laws and culture. The result was this dreamlike, melancholic portrait series.• “Art belongs to life,” our film critic writes. So if you think that Woody Allen is guilty of sexual abuse, should you stop watching his movies?• The Times, in other words: Here’s are links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.Today is Groundhog Day, and if you’re unfamiliar with this annual American event — it’s exactly as strange as it sounds.The groundhog, for its part, is a simple creature. A close relative of the squirrel, it digs burrows and can reach a furry 15 pounds. It’s known in some areas as a whistle pig, for its short, sharp cries, but more commonly, as a woodchuck.That’s where the day’s simplicities end. The tradition of predicting weather by when animals wake from hibernation goes back centuries. It arrived in the U.S. with European immigrants and — though there are many Groundhog Day events — the most celebrated ceremony is in Punxsutawney, Pa.Each Feb. 2, a groundhog named Punxsutawney Phil emerges from his winter’s nap at a place called Gobbler’s Knob. (In fact, he’s looking for a mate.) Tradition holds that if Phil sees his shadow, it means six more weeks of winter. No shadow, and an early spring is on the way.It’s all in fun, of course. And that’s a good thing for the poor groundhog: Since 1887, according to one tally, he’s been right only 39 percent of the time._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.Good Monday. Here’s what we’re watching: • There have been far blacker Mondays.• Kenneth C. Griffin is growing concerned about inflation.• The Fed’s regulatory action against Wells may have some bite.• Broadcom puts more pressure on Qualcomm• How worried should JPMorgan clients be about health care?• How much more will Wells Fargo have to do?We could use your help: Our colleagues who broke the Harvey Weinstein story are looking at how corporate codes of conduct are changing. Please tell them here, and say we sent you.The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 1,175.21 points, or 4.6 percent, to 24,345.75 on Monday, while the Standard & Poor’s tumbled 113.19 points, or 4.1 percent, to 2,648.94.Measured by points, those are steep drops — the biggest on record for the indexes. The previous largest point declines for each benchmark came in 2008, at the height of the financial crisis.But Monday’s plunge was far less impressive on a percentage basis. The Dow’s fall ranked as its 100th biggest, while the S. & P. 500’s slide was the 127th biggest in the index’s history, according to S & P Dow Jones Indices.Here is how Monday’s sell-off stacks up against two other major tumbles.• Dow: Down 777.78 points, or 6.98 percent• S. & P. 500: Down 106 points, or 8.81 percentJust weeks after Lehman Brothers failed in September 2008, lawmakers in the House defied President George W. Bush and rejected a $700 billion economic rescue plan. The vote sent markets tumbling to what was the biggest point loss in either index’s history.But points are not the best way to compare the magnitude of a stock index’s declines across eras. As the stock market has risen, big point moves have translated into increasingly smaller percentage changes. The Dow and the S. & P. 500 have more than doubled from their closes on Sept. 29, 2008.• Dow: Down 507.99, or 22.61 percent• S. & P. 500: Down 57.86, or 20.47 percent“Black Monday” was a petrifying moment — an even bigger decline in both points and percentage than the stock market crash of 1929. But unlike the 1929 crash, the slide in 1987 did not contribute to a wider economic slump. The stock market recovered its losses by early 1989.But the plunge did prompt regulators to introduce special brakes that kick in when the market falls too far, too fast. Stock markets, though, remain vulnerable to the sort of confusion and fear that one prominent economist said last year was a potent force in 1987.— Stephen Grocer and Peter EavisAs the U.S. stock markets look wobbly for the first time in nearly two years, at least one major investor is sounding a bearish tone.In a Jan. 31 letter to investors, Kenneth C. Griffin, founder of the Chicago hedge-fund firm Citadel, wrote that even though the broader economic backdrop continues to be positive, he sees several warning signs that could turn stock prices downward.The end of the Federal Reserve’s efforts to stimulate the U.S. economy is one factor, Mr. Griffin wrote, that could pressure stocks. But the prospect of inflation, or a rapid rise in the prices of goods and services, is making him especially nervous.“We are particularly concerned about the nascent signs” of rising inflation in a variety of countries, he wrote. As a result, he added, money managers at Citadel, which runs a variety of hedge funds, are “carefully positioning” for a surprise, sharp upturn in inflation.Mr. Griffin added that he is also concerned about geopolitical risks, writing that his money managers need to be able to handle negative events if they do occur, “including a trade policy misstep or a military conflict.” He did not elaborate.In an interview with CNBC in November, Mr. Griffin said the stock market was in the “seventh inning” of a rally. He said through a spokesman on Monday that he still thinks there are several innings to go before a downturn begins and that he is more bearish on bond prices than stocks at the moment.— Kate KellyWith 50 percent of the companies in the S.&P. 500 having reported results, profits are on pace to grow 13.4 percent, according to FactSet. If that growth rate holds through the end of earnings, it would mark the third quarter in the past four that S.&P. 500 companies have reported a double-digit profits increase.The numbers•75 percent of companies are reporting earnings above estimates, above the five-year average.• Companies that are beating estimates are doing so by a 4 percent margin, below the five year average.•80 percent of companies have reported revenue above estimates, a record high.• All 11 sectors are reporting earnings growth.A Federal Reserve regulatory action, announced Friday evening, placed a cap on the amount of assets (loans and securities) that Wells Fargo can hold. The Fed took this action in response to misconduct at the bank that involved deceiving its customers. The cap will be in place until the Fed is satisfied that the bank has made sufficient improvements in its operations and corporate governance.Wells Fargo’s stock is down more than 7 percent Monday, suggesting that investors believe the growth cap will have some bite. With the economy strengthening and interest rates rising, banks can expect to earn higher profits as they make more loans and suffer fewer losses from defaults. Indeed, this optimistic scenario has helped send bank stocks on a tear in recent months. Now, the question is to what degree Wells Fargo will have to sit out the good times.Wells Fargo executives on Friday suggested that the cap would have limited financial impact, saying it would reduce this year’s net profits by $300 million to $400 million, which works out at less than 2 percent of 2017’s earnings. One reason the earnings hit might be small is that the bank can stay within the cap by selling short-term, lower-risk investments that don’t earn much. Another way the bank intends to limit the negative impact is by reducing the amount of deposits on which the bank pays out a relatively high interest rate.Crucially, Wells Fargo said that it hopes to increase the size of its loan book. The hope is that, by shedding the low-risk investments, the bank will create the room to make more mortgages, credit card loans and loans to businesses, while staying within the limit.But it may not turn out to be as straightforward as that.The growth cap comes after a lackluster year for Wells, which reduced its loans 1 percent last year, compared with an increase of 3.5 percent at Bank of America. Investors waiting for catch-up growth at Wells may have to wait still longer. Also, much depends on whether Wells Fargo can now satisfy the Fed’s concerns. Any indication that the bank is struggling to comply with the regulator’s demands could set off more turmoil at the bank. There is also a possibility that the tactic of shedding of low-risk investments while making more loans could increase the overall risk of Wells Fargo’s balance sheet.Brian Kleinhanzl, a banks analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, wrote on Sunday that the Fed’s action will “mean Wells will have a harder time maintaining market share and will have to compete more on price or credit terms versus peers,” adding, “Wells will also have to maintain the balance sheet while other banks are growing, and we view this as defensive versus peers.”— Peter EavisIn raising its takeover bid to about $121 billion just now, Broadcom is hoping to allay concerns about its takeover bid and its quest to create a behemoth in computer chips.What Broadcom is offering:• A takeover price of $82 a share, up from its original offer of $70• A “significant” breakup fee if a deal were to be halted for antitrust reasons• A “ticking fee” that Broadcom would pay in cash if a deal took more than a year to closeIt said the new “best and final” offer would be withdrawn if Qualcomm either pushed its annual shareholder meeting back from March 6 (when Broadcom hopes to unseat the entire board) or if it paid more than $110 a share for NXP Semiconductor.The context: Qualcomm recently reported a 96 percent drop in operating income amid a royalty dispute with Apple. That has given Broadcom some pause, but not enough to make it walk away.What’s next: This offer isn’t likely to tempt Qualcomm. It has a better chance of tempting investors, who might then press the chip maker into negotiations.Bitcoin is down 14 percent Monday to $7,360. That’s a more than 60 percent decline from its high of $19,511 hit on Dec. 8.Other cryptocurrencies are falling as well. Ripple, Ethereum and Litecoin are all down Monday.How far can Bitcoin fall?Simon Tobler, a trader at Swiss-based Crypto Finance AG, told Bloomberg: “If we don’t hold the $8,000 level, Bitcoin may fall to $5,000, where the next big support is. The market is lacking big buyers.”Ever since the bank announced a partnership with Amazon and Berkshire Hathaway to create a new health care company, it appears that many have been very worried.More from Anna Wilde Mathews, Dana Cimilluca and Emily Glazer of the WSJ:One response: Ultimately, Mr. Dimon, Jeff Bezos and Warren Buffett are working on a sort of group-purchasing venture, according to some of JPMorgan’s bankers. That’s far less transformative than some on Wall Street had hoped — or feared.On Janet Yellen’s last day atop the Fed (see below), the regulator demanded that Wells Fargo replace four directors and capped the bank’s growth. The goal: to send a message.More from Emily Flitter, Binyamin Appelbaum and David Enrich:Behind the scenes: Wells Fargo executives were irate that the Fed’s announcement trumpeted the replacement of the banks’ directors, and that it implied the boardroom changes came at the Fed’s instruction.The big question: Will Wells Fargo have to do more than it just agreed? Gillian Tan of Gadfly suggests that Timothy Sloan, who became the bank’s C.E.O. after the scandals, may have to go.• Paul Ryan deleted a tweet crediting the tax overhaul for a secretary’s $1.50-a-week pay raise. He’s still being mocked for it. (NYT)• The federal government is set to nearly double its borrowing this fiscal year, to $955 billion. (WaPo)• Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee plan to push for the release of their own memo rebutting the one by Representative Devin Nunes about the surveillance of a Trump campaign aide. Mr. Nunes said he, too, had more memos to release.• Senator Dick Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, said that Congress is unlikely to reach an agreement to protect the immigrants known as Dreamers this week, despite a Feb. 8 government funding deadline. But John McCain and Chris Coons plan on introducing a bipartisan immigration bill anyway.• Jeff Sessions’s silence in the wake of President Trump’s attacks on the Justice Department has weakened morale there. (NYT)The now-former Fed chairwoman told PBS NewsHour that while she didn’t agree with Alan Greenspan that there were bubbles in the stock and bond markets, she did see reasons for concern.From her interview with Judy Woodruff:Already, investors appear more cautious, faced with a tight-looking labor market and central banks potentially preparing to raise rates and take away the easy-money punch bowl.Today’s update: Both Asian and European stock markets continued Friday’s declines.More from Ms. Yellen: She also spoke about being the first Fed chair in history not to be renominated after a full term. “Well, I would have liked to serve an additional term, and I did make that clear. So, I will say that I was disappointed not to be reappointed,” she said.Starboard Value, the activist hedge fund, has taken up a new line of attack as it pushes for change at the chip maker Mellanox. It is accusing top executives and board members of not having enough faith in their company.The criticism: Starboard says Mellanox management and directors have sold shares more than 370 times since the company’s I.P.O., while buying its shares on the open market just once.The bigger picture: Starboard is trying to unseat Mellanox’s entire board, arguing that the company needs either to improve its business, including by being more focused in its research spending, or to consider selling itself.Here’s a summary of the case for that, put forth by Ed Lee at Recode:• Getting bigger by merging with another media company doesn’t solve CBS’s problems. Selling to a tech giant with great online distribution does more.• Amazon’s exceptionally deep pockets would let CBS bid for expensive must-watch content like sports rights amid tougher competition.The very big question: Would Shari Redstone, who with her father controls both CBS and Viacom, allow a deal that didn’t involve both companies?The deals flyaround• Is debt driving Dell’s deliberations about a potential I.P.O. or deal with VMware? Maybe less than you’d think. (NYT)• Soho House, the operator of trendy members’ clubs, has hired Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase to lead a planned I.P.O. (FT)• Does the deal boom signal a top for the debt markets? (FT)• The Carlyle Group, Bain Capital and Apollo Global Management are among those jockeying for Akzo Nobel’s chemicals unit, according to unnamed sources. (FT)• GlaxoSmithKline and Reckitt Benckiser were the only bidders for Pfizer’s consumer unit, according to unnamed sources. (Bloomberg)A South Korean appeals court reduced and suspended Lee Jae-yong’s sentence for bribery and corruption.A lawyer for Mr. Lee said that his client would appeal to South Korea’s Supreme Court to be declared innocent of the remaining charges. Prosecutors haven’t yet said if they’ll appeal. But critics of the country’s conglomerates had hoped that Mr. Lee’s original, unusually long sentence — five years — would herald tougher regulation.The context: Samsung has done fine with Mr. Lee in jail: Its electronics operation is earning gangbuster profits and its semiconductor business is well positioned to keep minting money.At $7,783, says CoinMarketCap, down another 12 percent over the past 24 hours. Other big virtual currencies are down, too.Not helping: Credit card issuers including JPMorgan, Bank of America, Citigroup and Lloyds are now blocking purchases of virtual currency.It helped create the template for London P.R. firms catering to foreign governments. But it went bankrupt in a tale of corporate skulduggery — working for the wealthy Gupta family of South Africa and inflaming racial tensions there — that seems lifted from “House of Cards.”More from David Segal of the NYT:• Uma Thurman has opened up about what she described as sexual misconduct toward her by Harvey Weinstein. (NYT)• Five women of different ages and professions gathered to discuss experiences of the gender wage gap: “That was the most humiliating experience that I have ever had.” (NYT)— J.D. Vance, venture investor and memoirist, in a lunch interview with the F.T.• Unilever brought deodorant to China dreaming of a market with 2.6 billion armpits, but struggled against beliefs that it’s healthy to sweat. Other companies have hit similar cultural difficulties. (NYT)• Early employees of Google and Facebook are among the founders of the Center for Humane Technology, which will challenge the companies they helped to build. (NYT)• Amazon has trained markets to give it leeway. They appear to accept that it has a strategy for Whole Foods that will take time. (NYT)• New York Times reporters bought the same ingredients for Super Bowl meatballs at a Whole Foods 365 store and a Walmart. Both the price and the outcome were different. (NYT)• Greg Coffey, the star hedge fund trader known as “the Wizard of Oz” who retired five years ago, is raising $2 billion for a new fund focused on emerging markets, according to anonymous sources. (FT)Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.