Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• The leeway in President Trump’s tariff order.• President Trump authorizes tariffs.• What happens when the bond market and the Fed disagree?• Cigna struck a big deal for Express Scripts.• The White House plans to unveil its tariffs today.• Protesters want Visa to stop processing sales of assault-style rifles.Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.President Trump has backed trade restrictions for much of his public life, but his tariff orders have some wiggle room. This leeway could come in useful if his administration needs to step back in the face of economic or political pressure.First, the secretary of commerce, Wilbur Ross, has leeway to exempt certain steel and aluminum imports from the restrictions if he determines that the United States lacks the capacity to produce them. There is also a national security exemption, notable since national security concerns are the legal basis for the tariffs.Second, the order leaves the door open to discussions with allies other than Mexico and Canada, which are currently exempt. It says that a country that has a security relationship with the United States is welcome to discuss ways to allay the United States’ national security concerns. If successful, the president might decide to modify or remove the tariffs.— Peter EavisThe president defied allies both in his own party and overseas Thursday and signed an order imposing sweeping new tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, reports the NYT’s Peter Baker and Ana Swanson.Still, he sought to soften the impact on some of America’s closest allies. For now, Canada and Mexico are exempt and there is the possibility of later excluding allies such as Australia. But the order could hit South Korea, China, Japan, Germany, Turkey and Brazil.From the NYT:The details• The orders will raise levies on foreign steel by 25 percent and on imported aluminum by 10 percent.• Mr. Trump said the order would give him the authority to raise or lower levies on a country-by-country basis and add or take countries off the list as he deems fit.• The order goes into effect in 15 days.Tariff flyaround• A group of 11 nations — including major United States allies like Japan, Canada and Australia — signed a broad trade deal on Thursday that challenges Mr. Trump’s view of trade as a zero-sum game filled with winners and losers. (NYT)• The chances of a complete breakdown in the global trade system remain remote, if a little less remote than a week ago. (NYT)• The marriage of establishment and populist economic thinking was always an uneasy one. Now President Trump’s steel and aluminum tariffs are forcing the Republican party to choose between its core business supporters and populist voters. (WSJ)• The tariffs have caused much concern about President Trump’s trade policy. A probe into Chinese intellectual property policy could prove more devastating. (Breakingviews)When the Federal Reserve and the bond market are at loggerheads, it’s almost as if the economy’s parents are fighting. The kids, stock investors and borrowers in this analogy, just don’t know who to side with.This dynamic appears to explain what happened in early February when inflation fears sent bond prices lower and, in turn, set off panicked selling in the stock market.Now, as the Fed gets ready to raise interest rates several times, differences between the central bank and the bond market could start to matter more.There is no conclusive way to measure the degree of disagreement between the Fed and the bond markets. But that didn’t stop us having a go.One approach is to compare the yield on the bellwether 10-year Treasury note with Fed policymakers’ forecasts for the central bank’s target rate. Several times a year, the policymakers project where the federal funds target rate will be at different points in the future. In this exercise, we compared the 10-year’s yield with the median forecast made in December for the target rate at the end of the next year.In December of 2014, 2015 and 2016, the 10-year’s yield was around 1 percentage point higher than the forecast.But in December last year, the difference between the two numbers had shrunk markedly. The yield was only 0.26 of a percentage point above the forecast.One interpretation of this narrowing: The bond market was behind in reacting to economic strength. And when it did snap out of its possibly complacent state, it did so sharply. The 10-year yield is now 2.88 percent, up from 2.39 percent before the meeting in Dec. 2017.With that increase, there was a 0.77 percentage point difference between the policymakers forecast and the yield on the 10-year Treasury on Monday.But if the 10-year yield moved up to reestablish a 1-percentage point difference, it would sail past the psychologically important 3 percent mark.The problem, of course, with using Fed policymakers’ forecasts is that the Fed has made them public only for a few years.To get a much longer perspective, we looked back at the actual interest rate that the Fed targets, which is set in the market for the funds that banks must keep on deposit at the Fed. We compared this effective federal funds rate with the 10-year’s yield.On Monday, that spread was 1.46 percentage points. How does that compare? It’s tighter than the median for the past eight years, 1.95 percentage points. The 10-year yield would have moved a lot higher to take the spread back there.But there is a less alarming viewpoint. The current 1.46 percentage point spread is only slightly higher than the median 1.24 percentage points for the 50-plus years we studied.And, perhaps most reassuringly, 1.46 percentage points is very close to the 1.67 percentage point median for June 2003 till the end of 2006, a period in which the Fed raised interest rates repeatedly.— Peter EavisCigna finally got a big deal done by buying Express Scripts, one of the U.S.’s largest drug benefits managers, for $69 billion, including debt.The bigger point: as always, health care companies want to get bigger and gain negotiating leverage, while branching out into different businesses.The details: The insurer agreed to pay $48.75 a share in cash and 0.2434 of a newly issued share for each Express Scripts share. That’s about $96.03 as of yesterday’s close, a roughly 30 percent premium to Express Scripts’ closing price.The context: Cigna’s planned sale to Anthem finally collapsed last year, as did Humana’s sale to Aetna, which was then acquired by CVS.Courtesy of our friends at Thomson Reuters:• At $69 billion, Cigna-Express Scripts would be the biggest deal of the year.• It is the 33rd deal valued at more than $5 billion announced this year. That is a record number for any year through March 8.• The value of those 33 transactions is $419 billion, or 53 percent of all acquisitions announced in 2018.• With nearly $800 billion in acquisitions announced globally this year, deal making is off to its best start since 2000.Protesters plan to gather at the payment processor’s headquarters in Foster City, Calif., at 11 a.m. P.T. today to demand that such companies stop doing business with sellers of assault-style rifles. It’s a demonstration that grew out of Andrew’s column last month arguing that the financial industry could help alter gun regulations.“Visa quite literally has the power to save lives and their customers are demanding it,” said Nita Chaudhary of UltraViolet, one of the organizers of the protest.Elsewhere in guns and business: Why Wells Fargo is the biggest lender to the firearms industry. And Republican lawmakers are turning to measures to bolster school security, rather than gun control, just as makers of metal detectors and bulletproof clipboards have hoped.Late last month, Goldman Sachs announced Dina Powell, a former deputy national security adviser to President Trump, would be joining the firm’s management committee. Lloyd Blankfein, the firm’s chief executive of Goldman Sachs, had seized on the chance to bring back Ms. Powell, Bloomberg reports, in the hope that her experience in the White House would help the firm navigate the Trump presidency.But the move has not sat well with some at the bank. Bloomberg reports:• President Trump went against legal counsel and asked witnesses in Robert Mueller’s investigation what the special counsel had asked. Mr. Mueller reportedly has gathered evidence that a Seychelles meeting in 2016 between a Trump adviser and a Russian official was an attempt to create a backchannel to the Kremlin. And Hope Hicks reportedly told House investigators that her emails were hacked.• Some blue-collar Trump voters think the tax overhaul’s results have been meh. (NYT)• Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, obtained a restraining order against the adult-film actress Stormy Daniels. (NYT)• How Trump campaign workers were rewarded. (NYT)So serious is the Trump administration’s review of the chip maker’s takeover bid for Qualcomm that Broadcom has pledged to advance the American lead in 5G wireless research and to create a $1.5 billion fund to train U.S. engineers.Broadcom’s legally headquartered in Singapore for now, but Michael looked at how foreign it is on measures like number of employees and facilities in the U.S. The short answer: It looks a lot like Qualcomm.Elsewhere in Broadcom: A customer, Western Digital, has accused the company of playing unfair hardball. And why China views Huawei with pride — and the U.S. views it with fear.The deals flyaround• Univision’s C.E.O., Randy Falco, plans to retire at year end, and the broadcaster has called off its I.P.O.• Mellanox said that it would hold a special shareholder meeting to vote on two corporate governance items, but the activist Starboard Value began a board fight at the chip maker and is unlikely to be happy with a delay in the annual meeting.• Spotify has picked Citadel Securities to set the price for its direct listing debut, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• Meet JAB, the secretive conglomerate that bought brands like Peet’s and Dr Pepper Snapple and is taking on Nestlé. (WSJ)• Analysts at JPMorgan said Archer-Daniels Midland would probably bid for Bunge, but the economics of a takeover weren’t compelling. (FT)• J.M. Smucker is considering selling its bakery brands, including Pillsbury, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Bayer is in talks to sell its vegetable seeds business to BASF to win approval for its takeover of Monsanto. (Bayer)Here are some highlights from his interview with David Streitfeld of the NYT.On Facebook: the board was “far from perfect” in thinking about the tech giant’s longer-term problems. And the anger now focused on the company is about the industry’s arrogance: “Silicon Valley says the future is going to be better than the past. That is the propaganda, if you will.”On Mr. Trump: He’s not that close to the president anymore, and the White House has “fallen short” of expectations. But this administration is better than Hillary Clinton’s or any other Republican’s would have been.On Gawker: He doesn’t want to buy the defunct site to erase its archives, he asserts. “Preserve them, study them instead.”Virtual currency corner: Bitcoin is at about $10,058 this morning, down after some exchanges reportedly had problems processing orders. The S.E.C. says that digital money trading platforms need to register with it. Japanese regulators punished seven exchanges after the CoinCheck heist.The tech flyaround • Travis Kalanick is going from Uber C.E.O. to venture capitalist, with focuses on China and India. (WSJ)• Uber is retreating from Southeast Asia and is close to selling its operations in parts of the region to Grab, the dominant ride-hailing service, unnamed sources said. (Bloomberg)• Amazon is offering a discount on its Prime membership program to Medicaid recipients. And Alexa is now less likely to produce spontaneous, sinister laughter.• Snap is preparing to lay off about 100 people, its biggest round of job cuts to date. (Cheddar)• Ad prices rose on Facebook after it revamped its News Feed algorithm. (Recode)• Ireland’s data regulator has threatened big fines for tech giants who run afoul of new European privacy laws. (FT)• What our tech columnist, Farhad Manjoo, learned after getting his news only in print for two months. (NYT)The talk of the ad industry today: @DietMadisonAve, an anonymous Instagram account dedicated to exposing sexual harassment in the business. It has published names of alleged harassers and what they’ve been accused of, including men fired by agencies like Droga5 and Wieden & Kennedy.More from Sapna Maheshwari of the NYT:Critics, including women who work with agencies, say it’s trial by social media.Elsewhere in misconduct: Two directors at Wynn Resorts said they would step down in the wake of the Steve Wynn scandal. And the head of the U.S. Forest Service resigned amid sexual harassment accusations.His day job is head of Vista Equity Partners, one of the top-performing private equity firms. But Mr. Smith is also the wealthiest African-American around, with an extensive record of philanthropy, a topic that he spoke about to Forbes for its annual billionaires issue.From a statement he had prepared for his signing of the Giving Pledge:The top 5 billionaires in this year’s list and their estimated net worth:• Jeff Bezos, $112 billion• Bill Gates, $90 billion• Warren Buffett, $84 billion• Bernard Arnault, $72 billion• Mark Zuckerberg, $71 billionWatch the billionaire investor Paul Tudor Jones sing backup on his daughter Caroline’s song “The Difference.” (He really hits the “ooh-wee.”)• The E.C.B. was expected to take a step away from crisis mode, but then Italy had an election. (NYT)• Saudi Arabia’s crown prince and Britain’s prime minister agreed to an economic and investment partnership worth billions of dollars. London has been plastered with advertisements for Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman during his visit.• The rise of passive investing has attracted scrutiny to corporate governance advisory groups like I.S.S. and Glass Lewis. (FT)• Deutsche Bank is close to securing Nippon Life as a strategic investor in its asset management division, which it plans to float this month. (FT)• K.K.R. has agreed to buy a majority stake in Heartland Dental, the U.S.’s largest dental support organization. (WSJ)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• The markets and Trump’s tariffs.• Jared Kushner is criticized for meetings with business moguls who later helped his family’s company.• Stephen Schwarzman had a good 2017.• Walmart is the latest business to wade into the gun debate.• And Spotify opens its books ahead of its direct listing.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.Investors might be tempted to take a trade skirmish in stride.When President George W. Bush slapped high tariffs on steel imports 16 years ago, the stock market slipped a bit but recovered in the following days. Likewise, stocks may bounce back from the decline that followed the news on Thursday that President Trump will soon introduce tariffs on steel and aluminum.In recent years, the global economic order appeared to be under threat a number of times. But stock markets rebounded from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, Europe’s sovereign debt crisis, and the debt-ceiling clashes in the United States.And there is a good chance that President Trump’s tariffs won’t cause a great deal of collateral economic damage. They may end up being softer than Thursday’s headlines suggest, as globalists push back. And like President Bush’s tariffs, President Trump’s may be quite narrow in focus and exist for a relatively short period. Investors could learn to live with those, just as they’ve mostly shrugged off possible changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement.But vulnerabilities exist right now that could magnify any negative impact of President Trump’s tariffs.The stock market is still highly valued after a searing rally that took it to an all-time high in January. The Federal Reserve expects to increase interest rates multiple times this year. Compare that with March 2002, when President Bush introduced his trade restrictions: The Fed was cutting interest rates, a policy stance that can help support the economy and the stock market; stocks were nowhere near their peak of two years earlier; and President Bush’s administration was, overall, globalist in its outlook and didn’t want to become isolated ahead of the Iraq war.Importantly, the United States economy is less dominant than it was 16 years ago. Last year, the United States accounted for an estimated 24 percent of the world’s gross domestic product, using data from the International Monetary Fund. In 2002, the share was 32 percent. If other countries retaliate, and tariffs broaden, the United States’ economy may be less resilient than some in the Trump administration may believe.— Peter EavisWe asked yesterday if his family’s real estate business was his biggest liability. Our colleagues’ latest story shows that might be the case.What happened• Josh Harris of Apollo Global Management, an adviser on infrastructure issues, met with Mr. Kushner several times last year. In November, Apollo lent $184 million to Kushner Companies, triple the size of the investment firm’s average property loan.• Citigroup’s C.E.O., Michael Corbat, met with Mr. Kushner in the spring, and shortly afterward the bank lent Kushner Companies $325 million.Mr. Kushner, his family business, Apollo and Citi all said that nothing improper had happened. But the meetings raise questions about how the Kushner Companies is weighing down the political fortunes of President Trump’s son-in-law. Mr. Kushner has already had his interim security clearance downgraded amid a feud with the White House chief of staff, John Kelly.The WSJ editorial board writes, “Mr. Kushner and Ivanka have to decide if they’d serve themselves and the president better by walking away from their formal White House roles.”The politics flyaround• The White House is set to announce new tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, according to unidentified sources. (Bloomberg)• Hope Hicks, the White House communications director and one of Mr. Trump’s closest aides, plans to step down. (NYT)• Mr. Trump publicly criticized Attorney General Jeff Sessions as “DISGRACEFUL” for not ordering his own investigation into the handling of the Russia inquiry. (NYT)From Ana Swanson of the NYT:U.S. stock markets slipped around the time Mr. Trump made his comments about tariffs, with declines in the industrial sector outpacing the overall market. The Standard & Poor’s 500 industrial sector was down more than 2 percent, compared to the overall benchmark index which was down a bit less than 1 percent as of around 1:30 p.m. Automakers, large consumers of steel and aluminum, fell sharply. Another large consumer of those materials, aircraft maker Boeing also declined. As the country’s largest exporter, Boeing would also likely be affected by rising global trade tensions if other nations responded to tariffs from the United States.The comments also come on the same day as Bill Dudley, president of the New York Federal Reserve, said this about protectionism:The co-founder and chief executive of Blackstone raked in $786.5 million last year, his biggest take-home ever, according to Bloomberg.By comparison• Apollo’s Leon Black took home $191.3 million• Carlyle co-founders David Rubenstein, Bill Conway and Dan D’Aniello divvied up a combined payout of $193 million.• KKR’s Henry Kravis and George Roberts received a combined $343 million.Jerome Powell, the new chairman of the Federal Reserve, said before the Senate Banking Committee:ContextMr. Powell said the House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday that the outlook for the United States economy had brightened in recent months. He added that the Fed expected to continue raising rates gradually and could even pick up the pace. The markets seemed to interpret the remarks as signaling the Fed would be more aggressive than expected in raising rates.But there was more evidence Thursday morning that inflation may accelerate this year. Here are the  numbers from the Commerce Department:• Consumer prices as measured by the personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, rose 0.4 percent.• That was the biggest increase since September.In the 12 months through January, the PCE price index rose 1.7 percent.• So-called core PCE, which excludes food and energy, the PCE advanced 0.3 percent in January — the largest gain since January 2017.• Year-over-year core PCE, the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation measure, rose at 1.5 percent in January.• The core PCE price index has undershot the U.S. central bank’s 2 percent target since mid-2012.Just as the company isn’t holding a traditional I.P.O., it isn’t holding the usual kind of marketing road show either.On March 15, the music streaming giant will — what else? — live-stream a presentation for potential investors. Here’s what to expect, from the company’s prospectus:Spotify adds that it will hold additional “investor education meetings,” which would likely be reserved for the most important investors.While traditional I.P.O.s generally post video versions of their road show presentations on sites like RetailRoadShow, the company looks like it’s trying something different.— Michael de la MercedDoorDash, the food delivery startup, raised $535 billion from a group of investors led by SoftBank’s Vision Fund and that included Sequoia Capital and Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund. The amount is almost triple what the company had raised in the last five years, Bloomberg reported and values the company at $1.4 billion.DoorDash uses a courier model popularized by Uber, meaning that it sends independent contractors to pick up and deliver orders. The company said it has partnered with nearly 90 percent of the top 100 restaurant chains, including Wendy’s, Chick-Fil-A, IHOP, PF Chang’s, the Cheesecake Factory and Five Guys.It was one thing for Dick’s Sporting Goods to set an age requirement for firearms sales. It’s another for the country’s biggest gun seller to do something similar. What each is doing:Walmart: Raising the minimum age for purchases of guns or ammunition to 21, and eliminating products that look like assault-style rifles. (The company stopped selling AR-15s two years ago.)Dick’s: Requiring buyers to be at least 21 and dropping AR-15s from its 35 Field and Stream outlets.The NYT notes that Walmart explicitly linked the new rules to the school shooting in Parkland, Fla. The company said in its statement, “In light of recent events, we’ve taken an opportunity to review our policy on firearm sales.”The gun control debate remains a tricky one to navigate, though more C.E.O.s feel compelled to speak up. Michael Dowling of Northwell Health told the WSJ, “We are people that other people look up to.”A caveat: While some capitalist activists are urging big mutual funds to sell stocks in gun companies, Stephen Gandel of Gadfly argues that such divestment campaigns don’t work.The political context: President Trump made a surprising pitch for tougher gun regulations and urged Republicans to push back against the National Rifle Association. The group called his move “great TV” but “bad policy.”• Meet Martin Gilbert, whose investment fund could help decide whether the satellite broadcaster Sky sells itself to Comcast or Fox. (Bloomberg)• Bayer is willing to sell more assets to win regulatory approval of its $62.5 billion takeover of Monsanto. (WSJ)• Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund has invested more than $200 million in Penske Media, the owner of Rolling Stone and Variety, according to an unidentified source. (NYP)• The British insurer Equitable Life has hired Goldman Sachs to examine a possible sale. (FT)The hedge fund mogul finally called quits on his five-year campaign against the supplements company Herbalife, which he called a pyramid scheme and whose stock he once declared would go down to zero.A look back at the famous short bet, from Matthew Goldstein of the NYT:Herbalife’s shares closed yesterday at $92.10, a record high.Memories: Herbalife was at the center of Mr. Ackman’s infamous televised debate with Carl Icahn, who was (and still is) betting on the company’s ability to grow.Where Mr. Ackman is focused now: United Technologies, the subject of rumors that the conglomerate may break itself up. Brooke Sutherland of Gadfly applauded the back-to-activism-basics bet.In other hedge fund news: David Einhorn had a bad month. Viking Global Investors is the latest firm to wade into big-data analytics. The British retailer Whitbread is holding firm against an activist campaign by Sachem Head.David Rubenstein, the Carlyle Group co-founder, told CNBC at the SuperReturn conference in Berlin that, over all, businesses support the White House’s economic policies:Why? Largely the tax cuts, for which both Republicans and Democrats are compiling data  to support their political arguments.In other economic news: Liu He, Beijing’s top economic adviser, met with American business leaders like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase and David Solomon of Goldman Sachs amid heightening trade tensions between China and the U.S.had a bad month. Viking Global Investors is the latest firm to wade into big-data analytics. The British retailer Whitbread is holding firm against an activist campaign by Sachem Head.The commission has sent subpoenas to people and companies who have arranged initial coin offerings, signaling that tighter regulations may be in the offing.More from Jean Eaglesham and Paul Vigna of the WSJ:The virtual currency flyaround• How productive is spending money and natural resources on … buying digital money? (NYT)• Could your internet-connected security camera be hijacked to mine virtual currencies? (CNBC)• Bitcoin is at $10,666.90 this morning, according to CoinMarketCap.• As Brexit looms, not everyone wants Britain’s Serious Fraud Office to be completely successful in cracking down on corporate crime. (Businessweek)• A former fraud investigator for Wells Fargo said the bank fired him in retaliation for his internal complaints about mishandled inquiries. (NYT)• Bank of America has fired two employees for interfering in an investigation into Omeed Malik, a former executive accused of sexual misconduct, according to unidentified sources. (WSJ)• Goldman Sachs and Société Générale have submitted final bids for the Commerzbank unit that houses the lender’s exchange-traded fund business, unnamed sources said. (Bloomberg)• Two experts debate the merits of rolling back banking regulations. (FT)• How low can unemployment go? Economists have no idea, and their uncertainty has huge consequences. (NYT)• Auto-parts suppliers have called for cleaner cars, splitting with their main customers: automakers. (NYT)• Exxon Mobil is abandoning its joint exploration ventures with Rosneft, retreating from what was one of its most promising investments until Western sanctions got in the way. (NYT)• The tech entrepreneur Susan Wu has started a school in Australia, but critics worry about Silicon Valley overreach. (NYT)• Everything that made Warren Buffett the celebrated investor he is lines up with what we’ve learned about the tendencies of female investors. (Bloomberg)• Fosun International is looking for more deals abroad, and its chairman says there are no financial or political barriers in its way. (FT)• The Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen said he was investing an additional $125 million into his nonprofit computer research lab for an effort to teach machines “common sense.” (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com. Good Monday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Facebook’s stock slides as lawmakers want answers on the latest controversy.• Mark Zuckerberg is on the hot seat following the Cambridge Analytica revelations.• Congress is racing to complete its spending bill.• U.S. companies warn President Trump about sweeping tariffs.Get this in your inbox every morning. Sign up here.Larry Ellison is the founder of Oracle and the 10th-richest man on the planet, according to Forbes. Dr. David Agus is a best-selling author and physician whose clients included Steve Jobs and Sumner Redstone.Of all the companies the two could have started together, they’ve chosen an unusual approach: a hydroponic farming start-up focused on creating more healthful food.Their new business, Sensei, formally unveiled itself Monday afternoon, wading into an industry that has become increasingly popular among investors.Silicon Valley Start-up Plenty raised $200 million from SoftBank’s $100 billion Vision Fund. Bowery Farming, whose vegetables are now sold in a few grocery stores in New York City, has collected money from the likes of Google’s venture arm and General Catalyst.Sensei is focused more on wellness. While the company ultimately plans to expand into an array of businesses, its initial focus is on hydroponic farming, using software and sensors to monitor growing conditions. (Its first farm is on Lanai, the Hawaiian island of which Mr. Ellison owns roughly 98 percent.)Sensei’s first batch of crops includes Black Trifele tomatoes and Komatsuna mustard greens, with its yardstick for production being nutrition per acre.“So far, the conversation in agriculture has been dominated by productivity: How much food can we grow in a square foot. But scale is just part of the equation,” Dr. Agus said in a statement. “To properly nourish the world, we need to consider how nutritious that food is. This is where Sensei is focused.”Its first customer is Hawaii, which imports the majority of its food. Sensei said that it can provide the state fresh food within 24 hours of harvesting, compared with over a week for imported vegetables.But the company is also eager to tout its tech bona fides. Its farm runs off solar power provided by Tesla panels. And it claims to use just 10 percent of the water used in traditional farming methods.“For so long, agriculture has been one of the least digitized industries,” Daniel Gruneberg, Sensei’s president, said in a statement. “Now, we can combine software, sensors and robotics to make giant leaps in sustainable farming and perhaps, more importantly, the quality of our food.”— Michael de la MercedFacebook’s stock had its worst day in about four years.Shares of the social media giant finished down about 7 percent after the NYT reported that a political data firm with ties to 2016 Trump campaign harvested private information from over 50 million user profiles.The news reports raised the specter of greater government scrutiny and potential regulatory action toward the technology sector. Already, government officials in the United States, Europe and elsewhere have been demanding tougher oversight of the world’s largest tech companies. That, in turn, could erode the industry’s profits and potentially force some companies to adjust their business models.Facebook’s stock is now down more than 12 percent from its all-time high hit at the start of February.“We think this episode is another indication of systemic problems at Facebook,” said Brian Wieser, an analyst at New York-based brokerage Pivotal Research Group.Facebook’s woes showed signs of spreading, too.The S.&P. 500 tech sector is the worst performing of the index’s 11 sectors.Shares of Google-parent Alphabet closed down about 3.2 percent. Amazon fell around 1.7 percent and Apple finished off 1.5 percent.In all, Monday’s slide wiped more than $80 billion off the market value of Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet. Facebook accounted for more than $35 billion of that total. In fact, the company is no longer among the five biggest companies in the S.&P. 500 by market capitalization.Fund flows added fuel to the selloff. MoneyBeat’s Akane Otani reports that mutual funds and exchange-traded funds tracking U.S. technology stocks posted a record $2.6 billion in net inflows last week, according to data from fund tracker EPFR Global. That put year-to-date inflows at $47.5 billion.Given the outsized role the tech sector has played in the aging bull market, its declines Monday dragged down the broader stock indexes.The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 336 points, or 1.35 percent, while the S.&P. 500, was off nearly 39 points, or 1.42 percent.Is Mark Zuckerberg’s unusually powerful position at Facebook in part to blame for the latest backlash against the company?The giant social media company is under the spotlight because a political data firm apparently misused information about more than 50 million Facebook users. Facebook is still facing questions about Russia-linked accounts that had significant reach within the United States through the social network. In both cases, Facebook has struggled to show the public that it can get in front of its problems. Information about the Russia-linked accounts came out piecemeal, and Facebook knew as early as 2015 that the political data firm had violated its data policies.Mr. Zuckerberg at first downplayed concerns about Facebook’s role in the 2016 presidential election (something he later said he regretted). His recent communications contain more high-minded deliberation than hard discussion of the company’s problems and how to deal with them.These look like the reactions of a leader who thinks he is not going anywhere. Indeed, through his holding of special voting shares, Mr. Zuckerberg has an especially powerful position at Facebook that might shield him from the normal forces of accountability. C.E.O.s without that protection might do more to tackle a big problem because it more directly threatens their job security.Facebook, of course, has taken steps to address the abuse of its network. It has added hundreds of new employees to help police posts, and it has implemented artificial intelligence technology to spot material that falls afoul of the company’s guidelines. Such initiatives cost money. Mr. Zuckerberg earlier this year said that such initiatives would have a significant impact on Facebook’s profitability. Indeed, there’s a strong argument to make that Mr. Zuckerberg’s protected position will allow the company to press ahead with expensive investments in the face of any shareholder grumbling that may arise.In the near term, though, it’s hard to envision shareholders applying significant pressure on Facebook to be more responsive to the political and legal risks. They may believe Facebook’s extraordinary profitability – its operating profits are roughly equivalent to 40 percent of its revenue – will help the stock ride what they see as a passing storm.If governments propose restrictions on using members’ data, Facebook’s business model would be tested. The company’s board, in theory, should press Mr. Zuckerberg for details on how he will deal with such shackles. But prominent board members like Marc L. Andreessen and Peter A. Thiel are skeptical of regulation. Facebook might be tempted to fight back.Lawmakers may hold the line, however, sensing that the public has real concerns about the company. And if Facebook’s responses look tardy and inadequate, the consequences could be harsh, as the fate of Wells Fargo  shows. Mr. Zuckerberg, in his uniquely dominant position, is the one person who can make sure this doesn’t happen.— Peter EavisLawmakers in the U.S. and Britain want Mark Zuckerberg to explain how Cambridge Analytica, the political data firm founded by Steve Bannon and Robert Mercer, harvested private information from over 50 million user profiles.“It’s clear these platforms can’t police themselves,” tweeted Senator Amy Klobuchar, a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.What happened: The NYT and The Observer of London reported how Cambridge had collected data from an outside researcher to better target Facebook users. Christopher Wylie, who oversaw Cambridge’s data collection until 2014, told the NYT of his former company, “For them, this is a war, and it’s all fair.”Facebook argued that the incident wasn’t a data breach and that Cambridge had committed a violation. But former Federal Trade Commission officials told the WaPo that Facebook may have violated a privacy pact reached with the regulator. (The tech giant is reviewing whether one of its employees had been aware of the data leak.)More on Cambridge Analytica: Alexander Nix, the company’s chief, is facing scrutiny over business dealings with Russian interests. Mr. Wylie said that one Russian company, the oil giant Lukoil, appeared more interested in political message targeting than commercial uses. And Cambridge is reportedly trying to block the airing of a report by Channel 4, a British television channel, in which reporters went undercover at the firm.Critic’s cornerJeffrey Goldfarb of Breakingviews writes:A woman in Tempe, Ariz., has died after being hit by a self-driving car operated by Uber, in what appears to be the first known death of a pedestrian struck by an autonomous vehicle on a public road.The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode with a human safety driver at the wheel when it struck the woman, who was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk, the Tempe police said in a statement. The episode happened on Sunday around 10 p.m. The woman was not publicly identified.Uber said it had suspended testing of its self-driving cars in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.“Our hearts go out to the victim’s family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident,” an Uber spokeswoman, Sarah Abboud, said in a statement.The fatal crash will most likely raise questions about regulations for self-driving cars. Testing of self-driving cars is already underway for vehicles that have a human driver ready to take over if something goes wrong, but states are starting to allow companies to test cars without a person in the driver’s seat. This month, California said that, in April, it would start allowing companies to test autonomous vehicles without anyone behind the wheel.— Daisuke WakabayashiThe newspaper publisher announced Monday that Michael W. Ferro Jr., a Chicago entrepreneur and its biggest shareholder, has stepped down as the company’s chairman. The move came just weeks after Mr. Ferro helped negotiate the sale of Tronc’s crown jewel, The Los Angeles Times.Justin Dearborn, the company’s chief executive, will replace Mr. Ferro as chairman.“I am confident that under the leadership of Justin and the rest of the board and management team Tronc will continue to deliver value for investors while executing the plan for digital transformation,” Mr. Ferro said in a statement.Mr. Ferro will remain an investor in Tronc. But his decision to step down as chairman follows a period of intense public scrutiny.— Sydney EmberThe Long-Term Stock Exchange hoping to popularize long-term thinking as a corporate governance strategy has taken another step toward making its goal a reality.The start-up disclosed today that its partner, the IEX stock exchange, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to let it apply its listing rules to the IEX.The filing — which will commence the public part of the S.E.C.’s review of the rule changes at IEX — advances the LTSE’s aim of enshrining what it believes are best practices in running companies into corporate charters.If the S.E.C approves the rules, it means that companies can go public using the LTSE principles, but also have their stocks trade on traditional exchanges like the N.Y.S.E. and the Nasdaq like any other listing. That means these companies can get the liquidity they need along with the corporate governance structure that they want, according to the LTSE’s founder, Eric Ries.It also formalizes a tie-up between LTSE and IEX, the exchange best known as the subject of Michael Lewis’s “Flash Boys.”What the principles include• Letting so-called “citizens,” or investors who plan on sticking with companies for the long term, eventually accumulate more voting power over the years than “tourists” who plan on sticking around for a shorter time.• Blocking the use of certain kinds of compensation, including short-term bonuses paid to executives based on metrics like reaching a certain milestone for quarterly earnings.• Banning short-term guidance.• Having long-term investors register their holdings with the company. “The company will know effectively in real time who their long-term investors are,” Mr. Ries said.• Reporting requirements that include disclosing earnings per share net of buybacks, to provide a more accurate way of measuring how a company is doing without factoring in financial engineering.The context• Mr. Ries has spoken of the need to reward long-term investors. “Most of the listing standards are designed to align managers and long-term shareholders,” he told me. “That frees up management to do what’s right.”• It comes as companies continue to bemoan short-term thinking in the stock markets that has C.E.O.s focused more on meeting a quarter’s targets than longer-term goals.• LTSE’s goal is to eventually become a stock exchange on which companies list their shares. But for now, it wants to be allowed to create a special kind of listing for IEX that lets companies go public under its principles.• LTSE also plans to promote itself as serving companies first and foremost and to make money more from listing fees and tools and services for its companies, rather than from trading offerings and data aimed at investors.The caveatIt’s a long road ahead. Not just for the rule-change process, but also in convincing start-ups to adopt these rules when they go public.“What we have promised our venture investors is not that this is going to instantly transform the market overnight,” Mr. Ries said.— Michael de la MercedFriday is the deadline for lawmakers to pass a budget, and they are considering a plan that would cost more than $1 trillion. Expect the deficit to widen to more than $800 billion, as well as a lot of pet projects.The proposal will probably garner Democratic support, but opposition could come from: a) fiscal conservatives, and b) President Trump (if it includes funding for a New York tunnel project).In related news: How the tax bill could make your credit card payments more expensive.Forty-five trade groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, urged President Trump not to move forward with sweeping tariffs on Chinese goods.Here’s what Thomas Donohue, the C.E.O. of the chamber, said:Elsewhere in trade: Mr. Trump is requesting authority to unilaterally raise tariffs, power that could undermine the World Trade Organization. And Latin American countries are forging closer commercial ties with each other, and with China.• President Trump attacked Robert Mueller’s investigation, using the special counsel’s name in his tweets for the first time and drawing rebukes from some Republican lawmakers. Despite one Trump lawyer’s call for an end to the special counsel’s investigation, another says that there is no plan to fire Mr. Mueller.• The special counsel is looking into the Trump Organization’s finances. What’s the connection to Russia? (NYT)• Mr. Mueller’s case against Paul Manafort includes evidence from hard-to-crack jurisdictions like Cyprus and St. Vincent and the Grenadines. (WSJ)• Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired Andrew McCabe, the F.B.I.’s deputy director. Several Democratic lawmakers offered to hire Mr. McCabe to help him qualify for his government pension. Mr. McCabe says he kept memos on Mr. Trump.• Senior Trump administration officials were asked to sign nondisclosure agreements about their time in the White House that would extend past Mr. Trump’s tenure.• Kushner Companies filed false paperwork with New York City to improperly remove tenants in Queens. (A.P.)• Keep track of who has left the Trump administration. (NYT)Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will meet with the Trump administration and tour several cities this week. Here are a few things most likely on his agenda:• Shoring up military and political support for its bombing in Yemen, despite American lawmakers’ concerns about the U.S. role.• Persuading American businesses to invest in Saudi Arabia as part of his Vision 2030 plan. The crown prince will meet with Apple and Google, among other companies. Also of interest: In an interview on “60 Minutes,” he said that women were “absolutely” equal to men.Elsewhere in the Middle East: How Saudi Arabia is building a homegrown entertainment industry. The head of the broadcast conglomerate MBC touted his company’s expanding ties to the kingdom — after he was freed from detention. And here’s the fascinating tale of Qatari royalty who were kidnapped while on a falconry hunt.Bill Gurley of Benchmark asked in a tweet storm whether the streaming giant was better off pursuing profitability instead of growth. Mr. Gurley argues no — and points out that the company is now more valuable takeover bait.The son of the company’s founder wants to take the chip maker private, à la Michael Dell and his eponymous computer empire. But it would be a herculean task. Consider:• Mr. Jacobs would probably have to pay more than the $117 billion that Broadcom offered.• He only owns about 1 percent of the company. Mr. Dell owned 14 percent of his.• He would have to bring in significant equity partners, since there is no way he could finance a takeover with debt alone. But it’s not clear where they might come from (SoftBank has shown little interest so far) and whether any foreign backers could pass a national security review.Critics’ corner:  Shira Ovide of Gadfly writes, “It’s unwise for the company’s former C.E.O. to chase after a dream that can’t possibly come true.” And John Foley of Breakingviews asserts that Qualcomm’s biggest issue is mending fences with Apple.Elsewhere in deals: Newell Brands revamped its board to settle a fight with Carl Icahn. HNA plans to sell $2.2 billion worth of property across China. CACI has bid $7.2 billion for the tech services contractor CSRA to try to spoil CSRA’s impending sale to General Dynamics.• SoftBank is considering taking ARM Holdings public again, though it’s not clear when. (FT)• Dropbox has reached a new low for corporate governance, John Plender of the FT writes. (FT)• Bitcoin is at $8,353 after another wild weekend. And Mastercard says it would be “very happy to look at” digital money issued by central banks. And Twitter will ban many virtual currency ads.• Ola, the Indian ride-hailing company, is expanding in Australia and challenging Uber there. (NYT)• Foreign smugglers are trying to ship advanced American military technologies to China, Russia and other adversaries at rates that outpace the Cold War. (NYT)• FedEx has found that while robots may take your role, they might not take your job. (NYT)• Apple is designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, unnamed sources said. (Bloomberg)• Google wants a cut of the purchases made through user searches. (Reuters)• Pricing ever-more-popular cybersecurity insurance is difficult. (FT)Douglas D. Haynes, who was named as a defendant in a suit that accuses Point72 Asset Management of underpaying women and fostering a hostile work environment, resigned on Friday, the NYT reported. Two sources said the move wasn’t related to the litigation, but it still creates another headache for Steven Cohen’s investment firm as it prepares to become a full-fledged hedge fund.The misconduct flyaround • A lawyer for Steve Wynn reported a woman to the F.B.I. after she threatened to go public with allegations of the casino mogul’s misconduct toward her. (WSJ)• An Alaska Airlines pilot sued the company, alleging she was drugged and raped by another pilot during a layover last year. (NYT)• James Levine, former music director at the Metropolitan Opera, is suing the company after he was fired following an internal inquiry that said it had found evidence of sexual misconduct. (NYT)• Few law firms are choosing to include partners in their gender pay gap reporting in Britain, a move that would likely widen the pay gap significantly. (FT)• Alex Wilmot-Sitwell, the head of Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s European operations, has left amid frustration with Brexit. (FT)• Ann Gronowski, a professor of pathology at the Washington University School of Medicine, has resigned from Theranos’s board. (FT)• The activist investor Edward Bramson has acquired just over 5 percent of Barclays, increasing pressure on the British bank to turn around its performance. (FT)• Hillhouse Capital Management is raising a fund that could be the largest ever devoted to the China region, surpassing the $9.3 billion raised by K.K.R. last year. (FT)• BBL Commodities, one of the biggest energy-focused hedge funds, is looking to raise $1 billion for a new fund that will wager on macroeconomic trends. (WSJ)• China plans to name Yi Gang, an American-educated economist, to lead its central bank in a move signaling that Beijing will continue an ambitious — and, some say, much needed — financial shake-up to get the country’s debt under control and keep its economy growing. China’s president also handed the reins of the country’s financial system to a close ally, Liu He.• Blackstone guaranteed Stephen Schwarzman new rewards for his contribution to the firm as a founder when he chooses to retire — and even after his death. (WSJ)• Christian Bittar, once a star banker for Deutsche Bank, pleaded guilty to conspiring to rig the interest-rate benchmark known as Euribor. (Bloomberg)• An influential committee of lawmakers in Britain says the country should seek to postpone its exit from the European Union if talks drag on. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Friday. Here’s what we’re watching today:• Is Lloyd Blankfein, the chairman and chief executive of Goldman Sachs, planning on stepping down?• The list of those hoping Broadcom fails in its pursuit of Qualcomm keeps growing.• When will wage growth pick up?• Senator Elizabeth Warren has some questions for Apollo and Citi.• How much is Martin Shkreli’s Wu-Tang album worth?• The Trump tariffs have many exceptions..Don’t already get this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.The Wall Street Journal reported that Lloyd Blankfein, the chairman and chief executive of Goldman Sachs, will step down “as soon as the end of the year,” citing anonymous sources.But some important context is necessary: Neither Mr. Blankfein nor the board has set a timeline for him to step down, people briefed on the matter said. Mr. Blankfein has not discussed the possibility of leaving at the end of the year, these people said, though there is a general view that he likely would retire in the next couple of years. And it is very possible that this story may force Mr. Blankfein to move faster to explicitly lay out a timeline than he had originally planned.Is it possible that Mr. Blankfein would step down at the end of 2018?Sure. It is absolutely a possibility, these people said. But it is hardly a certainty. And it is also a possibility that he could step down as C.E.O. but remain chairman, the people said.Is it possible that he could still be at Goldman for part or all of 2019?Sure, these people said. But that’s not a certainty either.Is it possible he is at Goldman in 2020? That’s less likely, these people agree. Goldman’s board has held discussions about who should succeed Mr. Blankfein ever since Gary Cohn left the firm at the end of 2016, these people said. The board has designated Harvey Schwartz and David Solomon as likely successors, but has not set a specific date for when they need to decide on who will take the reins, these people said. Both men have privately been making plans to take over, these people said.— Andrew Ross SorkinHere’s Mr. Blankfein’s response to the WSJ story:The order President Trump signed on Thursday imposing tariffs on imported steel and aluminum provided him with wiggle room to exempt countries down the road.In fact, even before signing the order, he suggested the possibility of later excluding allies like Australia.Well, that seems like more of possibility now.Late Friday President Trump said he is working with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on an agreement so Australia will not be subject to the tariffs.The Wall Street Journal reports that Intel “is considering a range of acquisition alternatives in reaction to Broadcom’s hostile pursuit for Qualcomm.”Those options include a possible bid for Broadcom, the WSJ reports citing anonymous sources.Shares of Broadcom jumped 5 percent after hours.Details from the WSJ• Intel is worried about the competitive threat a combined Broadcom-Qualcomm would pose.• Intel has been weighing its options since late last year and has engaged advisers.• Intel might make a bid if Broadcom looks likely to succeed in its pursuit of Qualcomm.Caveats• Any move from Intel is far from certain and one of WSJ’s sources said it is unlikely.ContextWashington isn’t so sure a merger of Broadcom and Qualcomm is a good idea. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the government panel that reviews transactions’ national security implications, moved to stall the potential takeover of QualcommThe panel’s intervention put Broadcom’s bid in jeopardy. In practice, reviews by Cfius often lead to the demise of deals.The February jobs report is in. The number of jobs added was the strongest in two years, but wage growth remained lackluster.Here are the numbers:• 313,000 jobs were added last month, the most since October 2015. Economists had anticipated a gain of about 200,000.• With revisions to previous months, the three-month average job growth was 242,000 a month.• The unemployment rate was 4.1 percent, the same as in January.• The average hourly wage grew by 0.1 percent. It grew by 0.3 percent in January. The year-over-year increase fell to 2.6 percent from 2.9 percent.• The labor force grew by 806,000, pushing the labor force participation rate back up to the 63 percent mark.ContextA leap in job gains in February clears the way for the Federal Reserve to raise the benchmark interest rate when it meets this month.The wage figures were disappointing. The jump in hourly earnings in January — which pushed the year-over-year figure to 2.9 percent, from 2.3 percent just three months earlier — was cited as a cause of a market sell-off. With February’s puny growth of 0.1 percent, the year-over-year increase dropped to 2.6 percent.Investors could not have asked for much more from Friday’s jobs report. The numbers for February show the United States economy was able to add a surprisingly large number of new jobs without creating the sort of surge in wages that can prompt investors to worry about inflation.The 10-year Treasury note, which might have sold off on inflation fears, barely budged when the report came out. Futures markets pointed to higher opens for stock markets.The economy created 313,000 jobs in February, the most since October 2015. Wages rose 2.6 percent from a year earlier, below the 2.9 percent rate for January that stoked inflation concerns.In theory, as employers add large numbers of new employees, the competition to hire workers should drive wages much higher. Why is that not happening right now? It seems a large number of people who previously weren’t looking for jobs are now entering the work force. That, in part, explains the 800,000 person increase in the labor force.But investors will no doubt find something to fret about. Some may decide that the growth in employment is so strong that it won’t be long before wage pressures build up. The amount of slack in the labor force is unknown, so investors shouldn’t rely on it to dampen wage growth indefinitely, according to this view.— Peter EavisIt’s the unknown that torments investors every time the jobs report comes out.Maybe we can shed some light.As Friday’s jobs report showed, the economy is adding large a numbers of jobs without stoking the sort of surge in wages that makes investors worried about inflation. Investors favor these economic conditions because it reduces the chances that the Federal Reserve will have to raise interest rates more quickly than they expect.But how long might wage growth remain moderate? Much depends on how much slack exists in the jobs market. The headline unemployment rate, at 4.1 percent, suggests there is very little.But the unemployment rate does not count the people who aren't in the workforce – and who may now enter it. No one knows for sure how many of these people are really looking for a job at any one time, or might do so in the near future. But if there are a lot of them, companies will not struggle to find workers — and wage growth might remain tame. Conversely, if the number of prospective workers on the sideline is small, wage pressures could soon build up.One way to get an idea of the size of this group of people is to look at the employment rate, which measures people with jobs as a percentage of the population (over 16 years old and excluding prisoners.) At 60.4 percent in February, that rate is still well below the level it was at before the 2008 financial crisis. That would imply that there are still a lot of people who could enter the jobs market.But our colleague Ben Casselman, who covers economics, has devised an adjusted employment rate that readers might find interesting.How did you adjust the measurement of the employment rate – and why did you make your tweaks?Let me start with the “why?” The employment rate is great in that it avoids all the issues that bedevil the unemployment rate in terms of deciding who should “count” as unemployed. But the problem is that it’s too broad. It includes a huge group of people who no one would expect to work, namely retirees. And that group is growing rapidly because baby boomers are aging. So if we want the employment rate to tell us anything meaningful about the state of the economy, we have to account for that big demographic trend in some way.One easy way to do this is to look at the employment rate among so-called “prime-age” workers, those ages 25 to 54. That excludes both retirees and most college students, which means it filters out a lot of the demographic noise in the employment rate. The problem is, it filters out a lot of valuable information, too. Lots of 55-year-olds work! And indeed, 55-year-olds are much more likely to work now than they were a generation ago.My calculation, which borrows from an approach used by economists (and occasional Upshot contributor) Ernie Tedeschi, adjusts for demographic shifts by controlling for age and sex. It essentially asks, “What would the employment rate look like today if the U.S. population still had the same demographic profile as it did before the recession?”What does your adjusted employment rate tell us about the jobs market right now?By my calculation, the demographics-adjusted employment rate was at 62.8 percent in February, which is almost exactly where it stood in December 2007, which was the first month of the recession. But it’s still significantly below where we were in 2000, the last time the unemployment rate got this low.Can we use your adjusted employment rate to get an idea of how much slack is left in the labor force?Yes, but it doesn’t give a definitive answer. What it tells us is that the employment rate has fully recovered from the recession. It doesn’t necessarily mean that all the slack is gone.Let me expand on that slightly. Between the peak of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the peak of the housing bubble in 2007, the age-adjusted employment rate fell by about a percentage point. There are two reads on that. One is that the job market just never got as good in the mid-2000s as it did in 1999 and 2000. The other interpretation is that there has been a fundamental shift in the economy, and for some set of reasons — technology, globalization, video games — the share of Americans who are willing or able to work has fallen.If you buy that second story, then the fact that the age-adjusted employment rate is back to prerecession levels should tell you that we’re basically at full-employment today. The slack is gone. This is as good as it gets. But I would argue the last couple years should lead to significant skepticism about this kind of structural-change thesis. The labor force has grown dramatically over the last few years. Job growth has continued unabated. Unemployment rates for marginalized groups such as black Americans have fallen sharply. And this has all happened in an environment where wage growth has been sluggish, which suggests that employers are able to attract workers without boosting pay, at least by much. All of that suggests that there are still people out there who are willing to work if opportunities become available. I don’t know if we can get back to that 2000 employment level, but today’s report suggests we can at least keep moving in that direction.• Joseph Song and Michelle Meyer, BofA Merrill Lynch: Today’s “Goldilocks” report suggests the business cycle still has another leg to go: the labor supply is increasing to meet the gain aggregate demand, preventing price pressures from building too aggressively.• Ellen Zentner, Morgan Stanley: Straight lines don’t exist in economics. Despite the move lower in the year-over-year pace of average hourly earnings (AHE), the underlying trend in wage growth continues to firm, in line with continued tightening in the labor market and rising productivity.• Joe Brusuelas, RSM US: “The job market continues to sizzle as the economy is in the early stages of absorbing a late cycle fiscal boost that will support a growth rate well above the long-term trend in 2018. The 313,000 job gain is more than triple that necessary to meet the demand of new entrants into the work force, which if it sustained will continue to put downward pressure on the unemployment rate. This will not be lost among an F.O.M.C. that leans hawkish in 2018 and points toward an increasing probability that the central bank will hike rates four times this year. How strong is this labor market? The increase of 806,000 in the labor force and 785,000 in the household employment estimate are robust and statistically significant, which is a rare two-for in the monthly labor report. This labor market is on fire and wage gains are in train.”• James Ingram, MB Capital: “February’s fall in average wage rise data takes some of the pressure off. But the creation of more than 300,000 jobs in February suggests it will return in the months to come. Throw in a potential trade war between the US and the EU and the US economy could be headed for a perfect inflationary storm later this year. An interest rate hike in March from the US Fed must now be all but nailed on.”• Capital Economics: “We suspected that the flu epidemic and the unseasonably cold weather in January had depressed payrolls, but even we were caught out by the strength. Illness and weather also affected the earnings and hours worked data in January, with those effects unwinding in February.”Specifically, Ms. Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, is interested in the loans Apollo and Citigroup extended to Jared Kushner’s family real estate firm, reports Politico’s Playbook.Ms. Warren, along with Representative Elijah Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, Senator Tom Carper, Democrat of Delaware, and Senator Gary Peters, Democrat of Michigan, sent letters to Apollo (the letter) and Citigroup (the letter) asking:ContextThe New York Times reported last week that: • Josh Harris, a founder of Apollo Global Management, was advising Trump administration on infrastructure policy last year and met with Mr. Kushner several times. Among other things, the two men discussed a possible White House job for Mr. Harris, which never materialized. In November, Apollo lent $184 million to Kushner Companies. The loan was to refinance the mortgage on a Chicago skyscraper• Michael Corbat, Citigroup’s C.E.O., met with Mr. Kushner in the spring, and shortly afterward the bank lent Kushner Companies $325 million.Stephanie Clifford of the NYT reported:Last summer, a jury convicted Mr. Shkreli, nicknamed Pharma Bro, on three of eight counts , concluding that he had lied to investors about, among other things, how the hedge funds were managed, what they invested in and how much money they had. The jury found that he had also secretly controlled a huge number of Retrophin shares.Prosecutors had sought a sentence of at least 15 years; the defense had pushed for 12 to 18 months.Ben Sisario of the NYT writes:The answer? It is complicated, though experts all doubt that the album could yield anywhere near the $2 million Mr. Shkreli apparently paid for the album at auction three years ago.President Trump authorized tariffs on imported steel and aluminum yesterday, defying allies and Republicans alike. But as Peter Eavis notes, the presence of exemptions for Canada and Mexico show more wiggle room than expected:And Neil Irwin of the Upshot reckons that while we’re seeing a trade skirmish, it won’t necessarily become a trade war. (He also thinks it’s partly a negotiating tactic in the Nafta talks.) That hasn’t stopped trade partners  protesting. And in its lead editorial, The Economist wrote, “Not since its inception at the end of the second world war has the global trading system faced such danger.”The other China trade story: Mr. Trump tweeted that he has asked Beijing to reduce its trade deficit with the U.S. by $1 billion, adding, “We must act soon!” Elon Musk subsequently beseeched him on Twitter to tackle China’s restrictions on auto imports.The trade flyaround• U.S. allies like Canada and Japan signed what was long known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, thumbing their noses at the White House. (NYT)• History belies Mr. Trump’s assertion that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” Jim Stewart says. (NYT)• Maybe we should worry less about the tariffs and more about the White House’s inquiry into Chinese intellectual property policy. (Breakingviews)The policy adviser who pushed the tariffs wants to become the new national economic adviser — scarily for pro-free-trade business leaders and Mr. Cohn’s dwindling cohort in the Trump administration.More from Jonathan Swan of Axios:Mr. Navarro isn’t in the lead — other candidates include a top lieutenant to Mr. Cohn, Shahira Knight — but can’t be counted out.The politics flyaround• The president has threatened to veto a spending bill if it funds the Gateway tunnel between New York and New Jersey that he opposes, potentially leading to another government shutdown, unnamed sources say. (Politico)• The recent tax overhaul won’t pay for itself, according to Harvard economists. (WSJ)• The lawsuit against President Trump by the adult-film actress Stormy Daniels raises the possibility of the president needing to testify and could show evidence of campaign finance violations. (NYT)• Elizabeth Warren has written to Citigroup and Apollo asking for details about loans to Kushner Companies just after Jared Kushner joined the White House. (Politico)Behind Cigna’s $67 billion (with debt) acquisition of Express Scripts is the idea that health insurance on its own is a challenged business. The C.E.O.s of the two companies said the union would help lower costs. But it’s also meant to help Cigna counter both UnitedHealth, the giant of the industry, and a combined CVS and Aetna.There’s skepticism: Cigna’s shares fell 11 percent yesterday. Matthew Borsch of BMO Capital Markets said that investors had hoped the insurer would buy something other than a business “under pressure, under scrutiny and to some degree in decline.”About that pressure: The F.D.A. has shown interest in lack of competition among drug benefits managers. David Balto, an antitrust expert, told the NYT, “History has shown where there are multiple mergers going on in a single industry, the Justice Department goes on high alert.”Critics’ corner: Charley Grant of Heard on the Street writes, “Cigna has increased its vulnerability to industry changes rather than reduced it.” And Lex says of Express Scripts’ industry, “Like Seth Rogen comedies, they are a U.S. institution whose utility eludes other nations.”The deals flyaround• Toys “R” Us, yet to find a buyer, is preparing to liquidate its U.S. operations, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Shell and the Blackstone Group are in talks to make a $10 billion bid for BHP Billiton’s U.S. shale assets, according to unnamed sources. (Sky News)• Atlantia of Italy and ACS of Spain are in talks over a joint bid for Abertis, avoiding a potential bidding war. (FT)• FanDuel is in talks to go public by merging with a blank-check company, Platinum Eagle Acquisition, unnamed sources say. (Axios)• McAfee is buying TunnelBear, a VPN services provider. (TechCrunch)• Before joining the White House, Jared Kushner held talks to sell the New York Observer to two big Democratic supporters, David Brock and the media mogul Haim Saban, unnamed sources say. (BuzzFeed)That’s according to an M.I.T. study that tracked the spread of both verifiably true and fake stories on Twitter, and found that “falsehood diffused significantly farther, faster, deeper, and more broadly than the truth in all categories of information.”The caveat, per Steve Lohr of the NYT:Elsewhere in social media: How Russian trolls slid into the private Facebook messages of Trump campaign aides. Rules to limit foreign meddling in U.S. elections may not take effect before this year’s midterms. Sri Lanka is trying to block Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram to stop anti-Muslim violence. And could Mr. Trump be obliged to mute critics on Twitter instead of blocking them?The tech flyaround• Uber is pitching potential investors today on a $1.25 billion loan, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Meet Missouri’s attorney general, Josh Hawley, who has subpoenaed Alphabet as part of an inquiry into potential violations of the state’s consumer protection law. (Bloomberg)• What happens when Bitcoin miners come to your town. (Politico)• Japan suspended trading on the exchanges FSHO and Bit Station amid concern about consumer protections. (WSJ)• Mr. Trump held a heated debate on whether violent video games can be connected to mass violence, but didn’t indicate where he stood. (NYT)The former president is in talks to create exclusive content for the streaming giant, though they haven’t figured out how many episodes to do, according to the NYT. He’s also drawn interest from Apple and Amazon.Our questions:• How much would Netflix pay? Remember that it gave the showrunner Ryan Murphy $300 million for a five-year content deal. The Obamas already signed book deals reportedly worth $60 million.• While Mr. Obama doesn’t intend to take on his successor directly, will his likely choice of topics — like health care, immigration, voting rights — be seen as a counter to President Trump anyway?Elsewhere in media: The actor and producer Michael B. Jordan will adopt the use of “inclusion riders” in his production company’s projects. Disney will add a live-action “Star Wars” series to its forthcoming streaming service, to be directed by Jon Favreau. And Disney shareholders voted down a nonbinding endorsement of Bob Iger’s pay package.While the now nine-year-old bull market may still have some legs — even if it isn’t likely to top last year’s performance — there’s more for investors be anxious of. Not so for traders.More from Landon Thomas of the NYT:A side note: Worried about the markets’ movements? You might need a hug.And Peter Eavis wonders: What happens when the bond market and the Fed disagree? It’s a bit like seeing the economy’s parents fight, he says.Bringing back the former White House adviser after her recent tour of duty in Washington, Lloyd Blankfein reckoned, would help the firm navigate the Trump presidency and win big clients worldwide.But her forthcoming position on the management committee has rankled some senior executives, according to Bloomberg:• Tesla’s chief accounting officer, Eric Branderiz, is the latest executive to leave. (Bloomberg)• Uber’s head of product, Daniel Graf, is leaving. He’ll be replaced by Assaf Ronen, who most recently led Amazon’s voice shopping (“Alexa, buy stuff”) team. (Recode)• Twitter named Parag Agrawal as its chief technology officer. (CNBC)• Cory Johnson has left Bloomberg TV to become Ripple’s chief market strategist. (CNBC)• The N.M.E., once Britain’s most important music newspaper and a taste maker on both sides of the Atlantic, has put out its last print edition after 66 years. (NYT)• Institutional Shareholders Services opposed Elon Musk’s $2.6 billion compensation package. (FT)• The E.C.B. held interest rates steady, but dropped its promise to ramp economic stimulus back up “if the outlook becomes less favorable.” (NYT)• Helmut Maucher, who worked his way up from a factory job to become the C.E.O. who made Nestlé the world’s largest food company, died on Monday. (NYT)• G.M. faces the prospect of a potential $1 billion stock payout to address claims stemming from its ignition switch crisis. (WSJ)• Lehman Brothers caused $2.4 billion in damages to investors holding securities backed by shaky home mortgages, a New York bankruptcy judge ruled in one of the last remaining disputes in the defunct bank’s nearly decade-long liquidation. (WSJ)• Merrill Lynch agreed Thursday to pay $1.4 million to settle S.E.C. allegations that it didn’t do enough to investigate red flags at a Chinese company whose unregistered securities it sold. (WSJ)• Alex M. Azar II, the secretary of health and human services, said that doctors and hospitals should tell patients how much their care before treating them. (NYT)• Congress is on track to order credit-reporting companies to let consumers freeze their data free of charge. (WSJ)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.