(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning. Cold War-esque clash, a huge fine for stock manipulation, and an ocean voyage to the land of the long white cloud. Here’s what you need to know: • His mind and spirit soared past physical paralysis, making discoveries that changed our understanding of the universe.Tributes are pouring out for Stephen Hawking, the physicist and best-selling author, who died at 76. Our longtime science writer notes in this appraisal that Mr. Hawking “not only overturned our imaginations, he became an icon of mystery, curiosity and determination.”Here’s a recent video of Mr. Hawking speaking of using advanced technology to transcend human limitations. We also collected six cultural moments he inspired and a mix of memorable quotations.Mr. Hawking was beloved around the world, but the respect he commanded in China was, as the BBC put it, in another universe._____• Thousands of American students walked out of their schools in a nationwide demonstration against gun violence. We’re following the events here.The walkout, aimed at pressuring Congress to pass gun control legislation, adds pressure on a Republican Party in disarray after tumult in the White House and a strong showing by a Democrat in a special election in Pennsylvania.(New Zealand rebuked its second-ranking envoy to the U.S. after she tweeted that the Democratic Party needed to get its act together “or we will all die.”)_____• Cold War-level tensions.Prime Minister Theresa May suspended high-level contacts with Russia and expelled 23 Russian diplomats over the poisoning of a former Russian double agent on British soil. She vowed to crack down on Russian spies, corrupt elites and ill-gotten wealth in Britain.Our correspondent explains why Moscow will never apologize for the attack on its former spy, Sergei Skripal, and his daughter. Above, President Vladimir Putin at a rally celebrating the fourth anniversary of his annexation of Crimea.Once asked what he could not forgive, Mr. Putin said “betrayal.”_____• “This is going to be a catastrophe.”More than half a million Rohingya refugees who fled from violence in Myanmar face looming disaster when the impending storms of the monsoon season hit their camp in Bangladesh, above.A top U.N. official said this week that the Myanmar military’s campaign against the Rohingya bore “the hallmarks of genocide.” Senior Myanmar officials flatly denied the accusation._____• The land of the long white cloud. That was the name given to New Zealand by Kupe, the first Polynesian to reach the then-uninhabited island in the 10th century. (The actual Maori word is Aotearoa.)A group of sailors recently recreated his journey, steering double-hulled canoes, or waka hourua, on a four-week voyage.It was the biggest fleet of waka to arrive in Wellington since the landing of Kupe, whose story was told at the opening night of a three-week arts and culture event that runs through Sunday._____• Boeing, which sends 80 percent of its commercial planes abroad, has emerged as perhaps the most vulnerable American target if nations retaliate against President Trump’s tariffs on steel and aluminum. Any loss of access to China, one of the fastest growing aircraft markets, could be especially challenging.• China’s sovereign wealth fund sold its stake in Blackstone Group, the U.S. private equity giant, severing an early and enduring link between Wall Street and the Chinese government. Not disclosed: the reason for the sale, and its size.• Xiamen Beibadao Group,  a logistics company, was hit with China’s largest ever punishment for stock manipulation. Regulators fined it 5.5 billion yuan ($870 million), which they said represented six times the proceeds of the scheme.• Elizabeth Holmes, the tarnished Silicon Valley star, will leave her blood-testing company Theranos and pay a $500,000 fine to settle fraud charges related to raising more than $700 million by falsely promoting a key product.• Google is joining Facebook in banning advertising for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. (Together, the two account for the global majority of advertising on the internet in terms of revenue.)• U.S. stocks were lower. Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• In Australia, reporters were allowed for the first time to hear witness testimony against Cardinal George Pell, the Vatican’s third-highest-ranking priest, in a momentous sexual abuse case. [The New York Times]• A Chinese education agency accused Australia of blocking visas for Chinese graduate students. [Sydney Morning Herald]• Lee Myung-bak became the fifth former South Korean president to be questioned by prosecutors on corruption accusations since the 1990s. [The New York Times]• The Philippines plans to withdraw from the International Criminal Court. President Rodrigo Duterte said the court, which is investigating deaths tied to his drug crackdown, was painting him as a “heartless violator of human rights.” [The New York Times]• United Airlines apologized after a dog died on a domestic U.S. flight in an overhead compartment, where its owner had reluctantly placed it on the orders of a flight attendant. [The New York Times]• “I wanted my first kiss to be special.” The smooch of an aw-shucks teenager, delivered by the superstar Katy Perry on “American Idol,” turned out to be far from a sweet pop-culture moment. [The New York Times]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Here’s how to protect a laptop after it’s been stolen.• For heart disease patients, think exercise, not weight loss.• Recipe of the day: Keep dinner comforting with a recipe for chicken and rice.• “The truth can be hard to look at,” reads the introduction to an exhibit in London of images from the world’s hot spots by five New York Times freelance photographers. “But we ignore our neighbors’ misery at our own peril.”• A new generation of bakers is trying to reinvent the most iconic French patisserie, the croissant. Some fear the rise of “Frankenpastries.”• Finally, some early human resilience: The largest volcanic eruption of the last two million years, about 74,000 years ago, didn’t wipe out humanity. Instead, a new study suggests, our ancestors thrived in its aftermath.It was an offer that the Times film critic Vincent Canby couldn’t refuse.“The Godfather,” which opened in New York on this day in 1972, was “one of the most brutal and moving chronicles of American life ever designed within the limits of popular entertainment,” he wrote in his review.The adaptation of Mario Puzo’s best-selling 1969 novel was directed by a young Francis Ford Coppola. He was selected after numerous other directors turned down the job, and in part for his Italian heritage.The saga of the Corleones, an organized crime family in New York in the 1940s and ’50s, “The Godfather” became an almost instant classic. It was the top-earning film of 1972 and remains one of the highest-grossing (and most critically acclaimed) movies of all time.Nominated for 10 Academy Awards in 1973, “The Godfather” won three, including Best Picture and Best Actor for Marlon Brando, who played Vito Corleone, the family’s aging patriarch. Brando famously declined to accept the award as a protest against Hollywood’s portrayal of Native Americans.“The Godfather” was “a superb Hollywood movie,” Canby wrote in 1972, “scaring the delighted hell out of us while cautioning that crime doesn’t (or, at least, shouldn’t) pay.”Chris Stanford contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.ATLANTA — The dilemma confronts city and state officials with alarming frequency: Digital extortionists have hijacked their computer systems and demanded ransom. Should they pay?It has surfaced in the suburbs of Dallas and in Birmingham, Ala., in North Carolina and in New Mexico, and twice in a matter of weeks at the Colorado Department of Transportation. And for the past week it has gripped Atlanta, where the municipal government has been struggling with one of the gravest cyberattacks on record against a major American city.The assault on Atlanta’s computers is a vivid example of the perils local governments face in the internet age. They are seen as more vulnerable than private businesses, both in their technology and in their limited ability to tolerate system failures and down time.“They’re a target of opportunity for criminals, because people feel it’s easier to hack into them than it is private systems and companies,” said Alan R. Shark, the executive director of the Public Technology Institute, which offers training to local governments.Not all cyberattacks involve ransomware, the malicious code that renders the victim’s data inaccessible until a ransom is paid. But the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center, a cybersecurity clearing house for state and local governments, has said that ransomware is now the biggest digital threat its members face.Anyone hit with a ransomware attack must reckon with the dollars and cents: Will it cost more to pay up, or to try to eradicate the malware and restore the data without giving in? But government victims must also grapple with the dubious propriety — and dubious legality — of rewarding crime with taxpayers’ money.The episodes are at once familiar and frightening. Hackers with no apparent motive other than curiosity and avarice indiscriminately scan the web for vulnerable servers and networks, and all too often find them.Cybersecurity experts say local government agencies and universities tend to be at a particular disadvantage because they manage many public-facing web services and servers and employ many people who must have access.Antivirus software tools can ward off some kinds of malicious attacks, but they often fail to stop ransomware because cybercriminals have found too many ways around them — whether by exploiting a security hole in a vulnerable server or tricking a naïve employee into opening a malicious email attachment.“In cybersecurity, the more places you have where your door is sort of open — which it has to be in local government — the higher your risk is,” said Scott Smith, a former mayor of Mesa, Ariz.In 2013, the year Mr. Smith became president of the United States Conference of Mayors, the group adopted a resolution identifying cybersecurity as “a critical public safety issue of concern to mayors and cities.”But local governments are often working with antiquated systems, tight budgets and short-handed I.T. staffs. According to a 2016 survey of chief information officers for jurisdictions across the country, 38 percent of local governments were relying on technology that was at least one generation out of date, and fewer than half had bought cybersecurity insurance, which can help cover the costs of responding to a major attack.The survey, by the International City/County Management Association and the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, found that extorting ransom was the most common purpose of cyberattacks on city or county governments, accounting for nearly one-third of all attacks. (Mischief and theft of private information were the next most common.)Local governments were not always high on the ransom target list. In recent years, security experts say, criminal groups like SamSam, the shadowy hacking crew implicated in the Atlanta episode, had been zeroing in on health care providers, particularly hospitals, which they knew could ill afford to lose patient records or wait for weeks to restore normal operations. More than seven-eighths of all recorded ransomware attacks in the United States in 2016 were aimed at the health care industry, according to NTT Security.That onslaught, experts say, prompted many in the industry to shore up their digital defenses — and the hackers to turn to new targets. “As health care has spent more on their security, we’ve seen attackers moving to local governments,” said Allan Liska, a senior intelligence analyst at Recorded Future, a security firm.The past 16 months have seen high-profile ransomware attacks at public agencies ranging from a fire department in Ohio to a transit system in Northern California, which offered free rides after attackers took down their ticketing systems. Recently, Mr. Liska said, cybercriminals who call themselves “The Dark Overlord” have said in an underground web forum that they had begun to attack state and local governments because their security is so poor.In Atlanta, the attack apparently mounted by the SamSam group brought down many (though not all) city systems on the morning of March 22. Among other effects, residents have not been able to pay water bills or traffic tickets online, the court schedule has been upended, and police officers have had to file reports on paper. For days, city workers were not allowed even to turn on their computers.Through a spokeswoman, Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms of Atlanta declined to be interviewed about the ransom demanded by SamSam to end the attack: the Bitcoin equivalent of about $51,000.But Atlanta’s leaders are likely to have weighed a host of concerns, including whether the SamSam hackers would keep their end of the bargain. Security experts said the city also had to decide whether it was willing, in effect, to finance a criminal enterprise, and whether it could stomach a reputation as an easy mark.“Local governments often don’t feel comfortable using taxpayer funds to pay a criminal, especially when they consider where those funds may be going,” said Jason Rebholz, a vice president at Icebrg, a security firm. “On the other hand, they have to weigh a $51,000 ransom demand with the fact that they are likely going to pay a lot more to resume operations.”Ransomware attacks used to be low-odds propositions. In 2012, by one estimate, only 2.9 percent of victims paid. But these days, the rate is as high as 48 percent, according the Ponemon Institute, a privacy research group.Those who pay — from a Massachusetts town and police department to the Hancock Health hospital group — generally calculate that it is the cheapest way out. Mr. Rebholz estimated that the total cost for Atlanta to rebuild all its affected systems could run from “several hundred thousand dollars easily into millions of dollars.”Though many of their concerns are the same, business leaders hit by cyberattacks are often able to respond more nimbly than politicians can.Corporate executives “can compare and contrast different options in a much freer way,” said Mike Rawlings, the mayor of Dallas and a former president of Pizza Hut.In the public sector, he said, “It’s not as simple as cost-benefit analysis — you are gambling the trust and the perception of what the city stands for at the same time.”The Ponemon Institute found that the decision often turns on whether the victim has access to a full and accurate backup for the seized data. The hackers know it: Victims are finding that the first thing intruders like SamSam do is to search the compromised system for “back up” or the names of popular backup services, and delete those files.“They now go out of their way to force you to pay,” Mr. Rebholz said. “It’s increasingly rare that victims can fully recover.”The Colorado Department of Transportation awoke late last month to discover that SamSam had locked its employees out of their computers, email and timecard systems; encrypted the agency’s most important databases; and renamed files with the words “i’m sorry.”Deborah Blyth, the state’s chief information security officer, said in an interview Wednesday that it was an easy decision not to pay. For one thing, the state has a policy forbidding ransom payments. For another, the data had been backed up offline, out of the attackers’ reach, making the department better prepared than most targets.The department had everything back to normal in a little over a week — but the story was not over. SamSam’s attackers had planted some undetected digital footholds during the first attack that opened the door for a second attack with improved ransomware as soon as the systems came back online.Three weeks later, Ms. Blyth said, the second restoration job is about 80 percent complete. She is scheduled to brief other state and local governments on Friday about the double whammy.“I feel terrible for Atlanta,” she said. “I know exactly where they’re at. We need to give other local governments information on SamSam so it doesn’t happen to them. I’m really worried that other state agencies are at risk.”Officials have been slow to awaken to that danger. After the mayors’ conference adopted its warning resolution in 2013, it tried to hold a cybersecurity forum in Washington for city officials. It was canceled for lack of interest.“If you had a cybersecurity summit now,” Mr. Smith said this week, “it would be oversubscribed.”Good morning on this dusted Tuesday.A winter weather advisory is in effect. For updated information on your commute, check the schedules for the subway, Metro-North, Long Island Rail Road, New Jersey Transit and NYC Ferry before heading out.Power down your phone.(As soon as you’re finished reading New York Today, of course.)How does it feel?As we sat in on the corruption trial of Joseph Percoco recently, we found ourselves forcibly phoneless. The courthouse had required us to check our electronics before entering the building. The experience was at once inconvenient and enjoyable, disorienting and liberating.And after a day with no texting, email or internet, it occurred to us that the courtroom, of all places, might be one of the few spots left in the city where New Yorkers could fully disconnect.So began our quest to find others.The consensus, when we checked in with more than a dozen local museums, libraries and cultural spaces, was that these phone-free sacred spots are hard to come by.Cellphones are banned from some federal buildings and from jails. (They were, not so long ago, also banned from city schools.)At performance halls, Dave Chappelle, Alicia Keys, Guns N’ Roses and others have taken to using Yondr — a technology that locks fans’ phones in pouches during shows.Phones are prohibited at Sketch Night at the Society of Illustrators, where models pose nude, and at the immersive-theater production “Sleep No More,” once described as a “movable orgy.” And the Alamo Drafthouse in Downtown Brooklyn vows to kick out those who text mid-movie.On the menu at Sfoglia, alongside the brussels sprouts with maple butter, is a restaurant rule: “No cellphones, computers or electronics, please.”But perhaps our favorite discovery was the National Day of Unplugging, which we observed Friday at the Museum at Eldridge Street.Upon entering the Lower East Side synagogue, a National Historic Landmark built in 1887, we dropped our iPhone into a “sleeping bag” and left it with reception. We sat wordless and motionless in the sanctuary, listening to its creaking pine floors, the inhale-exhale of another visitor and the spectacular silence in between. Staring at the stained glass windows long enough — the shiny blue ombré with gold stars — we began to see “Goodnight Moon” swirl into “The Starry Night.”We forgot where we were for an afternoon — on a street with sirens, scaffolding and soggy snow — and it was absolutely delightful.Here’s what else is happening:More snow.Flurries (of up to three inches) and wind may affect your commute this morning — a winter weather advisory remains in effect until noon.Brave the cold: Spring is a week away.• The lightly regulated, little-known industry that runs “doors-off” helicopter flights is facing scrutiny after the deadly East River crash. [New York Times]• More on the crash: One of the victims was a firefighter; another was a journalist. None were older than 34. | How the harnesses, meant to secure passengers, made escaping the helicopter harder.•  President Trump has claimed that properties bearing his name are more valuable than those of his competitors. New studies show otherwise. [New York Times]• Prosecutors spared the jury from having to review gruesome autopsy photos in the case of a nanny accused of killing two children. [New York Times]• The jurors in the corruption trial of Joseph Percoco, a former senior aide to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, announced for the second time that they were deadlocked. [New York Times]• Governor Cuomo is prepared to declare a state of emergency at the New York City Housing Authority. [New York Times]• The Metropolitan Opera fired James Levine, one of America’s highest-profile conductors, after finding evidence of sexual misconduct. [New York Times]• Lt. Col. Floyd J. Carter Sr., a long-serving police detective and Tuskegee Airman, has died at 95 years old. [AM New York]• New York millionaires’ groups ask lawmakers to raise their taxes, claiming it is the “right thing to do morally.” [New York Daily News]• The small upstate town of Plattsburgh is considering an 18-month moratorium on bitcoin mining. [Money]• Why Brooklyn, despite having almost no legal firearms business, has a big stake in the gun-sales debate. [The Bridge]• Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “Bodega Breakfast”• For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Morning Briefing.• A discussion and screening of “A Footnote in Ballet History,” a film about Egypt’s prima ballerina Magda Saleh, at the 14th Street Y in the East Village. 6 p.m. [$10, tickets here]• “Journey of Hope: The Irish in New York,” a lecture about their history and culture from immigrant beginnings to present, at Church of St. Brigid in Alphabet City. 6:30 p.m. [Free]• The Overseas Press Club hosts a panel on social media censorship in China, and the issues it creates for writers, at Club Quarters in Midtown. 6:30 p.m. [Free, register here]• “These Are We,” an improv comedy show about the television drama “This Is Us,” starring actors who have never seen it, at the Peoples Improv Theater Loft in Chelsea. 7 p.m. [$8]• Looking ahead: On March 21, TimesTalks hosts a conversation about “Isle of Dogs,” with the director Wes Anderson and the actors Jason Schwartzman and Kunichi Nomura, at the New School.• Nets host Raptors, 7:30 p.m. (YES). Knicks host Mavericks, 7:30 p.m. (MSG). Red Bulls host Club Tijuana, 8 p.m.• Alternate-side parking remains in effect until March 29.• For more events, see The New York Times’s Arts & Entertainment guide.What better time to find some peace of mind than Brain Awareness Week?Doctors, scientists, comedians and academics from local universities, museums and other organizations are hosting the weeklong series to educate New Yorkers about brain research.Some highlights:Today, learn about memory at “The Time-Traveling Brain” or about how brains adapt to care for newborns at “Love: It’s All in Your Head.”On Wednesday, explore how expectations influence reality at “The Science of Vision.”On Thursday, learn about how stress alters the brain (and when too much stress can be harmful) at “More Than a Feeling,” or catch a brainy comedy show at “The Symposium.”On Friday, join neuroscientists to explore the human side of brain research, or how your brain processes sex, drugs and rock ’n’ roll.This weekend, on Saturday or Sunday evening, see a hip-hop comedy show about the study of consciousness.And should you be searching for more ways to stretch your lobes, here is the full list of events.New York Today is a morning roundup that is published weekdays at 6 a.m. If you don’t get it in your inbox already, you can sign up to receive it by email here.For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook.What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday. Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter.You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Stephen Hawking has died, America’s top spy is set to become its next top diplomat and Germany gets a new government. Here’s the news:• Stephen Hawking, the physicist and best-selling author, has died at 76.His mind and spirit soared past physical paralysis, making discoveries that changed our understanding of the universe.Here’s a recent video of the renowned physicist speaking of transcending humanity’s limitations through advanced technology._____• Rex Tillerson is said to have learned of his dismissal by being shown President Trump’s tweet naming Mike Pompeo, the C.I.A. director, as U.S. secretary of state.Mr. Pompeo and Gina Haspel, his designated successor at the helm of the C.I.A., are policy hawks. (Ms. Haspel had a leading role in the torture of detainees.) Their appointments await Senate confirmation.Meanwhile, Mr. Trump ventured to California, the blue bastion of liberal resistance, with a combative message on immigration.A by-election in Pennsylvania has become an unexpectedly narrow test of whether Democrats can make inroads with voters who supported Mr. Trump in 2016._____• Mr. Tillerson’s firing was announced only hours after he tied Russia to the March 4 poisoning of a former Russian spy in England with the deadly nerve agent Novichok.Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, dismissed accusations that Moscow was to blame for the poisoning as “nonsense.”Politicians and policy experts have suggested a number of punitive actions Prime Minister Theresa May could take against Russia. It remains unclear how willing she is to wield them._____ • Germany’s economy could hardly be in better shape as Angela Merkel begins her fourth term as chancellor today.But the political compromise with the Social Democrats that allowed her to remain in power risks bringing that boom to an end, our correspondent reports from Frankfurt.And some even forecast France to take over as the eurozone’s driving force.(Above, the Social Democrats’ headquarters in Berlin.)_____ • China unveiled new superagencies to tackle three potential threats to the Communist Party’s rule: financial recklessness, corruption and environmental pollution.On a lighter note, the carefully scripted pageantry of an annual gathering of lawmakers in Beijing was punctured by a journalist’s unscripted expression of disgust over a colleague’s fawning.Censors struggled to contain an outpouring of satire.• More than half of the fresh fruit Americans buy is imported. Is that a bad thing? Our food team examines the pros and cons for farmers and consumers.• Google is joining Facebook in banning advertising for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.• Protectionism is porous and can be gamed, and the fleeting gains from tariffs can bring long-term costs, our columnist writes.• Marketers have turned to new kinds of detective work to expose influencers on Instagram who use fake accounts.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• In Syria, more than a hundred people left the besieged enclave of eastern Ghouta after rebel forces reached a medical evacuation agreement with Russia, the Syrian government’s ally. [The New York Times]• The Palestinian Authority said a roadside bomb blast was a failed attempt to assassinate its prime minister, Rami Hamdallah. There were questions about motives and timing. [The New York Times]• The European Court of Human Rights said that Spain had wrongfully condemned two Catalans for burning a photograph of the king and queen in 2007. [The New York Times]• The police in Slovakia detained an Italian businessman who was a subject of a murdered journalist’s last report, holding him on an unrelated Italian drug charge. [Reuters]• United Airlines apologized after a dog died on a U.S. domestic flight during which it was stored in an overhead compartment on the orders of a flight attendant, rather than under the seat. [The New York Times]• A poor Afghan farming family named their son Donald Trump, hoping for good luck. But the choice has only added to their misfortune. [The New York Times]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Is a late-career change worth it?• Check-in time hours away? In some cities, you can ditch those annoying bags.• Recipe of the day: Do some throwback cooking with a recipe for spaghetti primavera. •  A new generation of bakers is trying to reinvent the most iconic French patisserie, the croissant. Some fear the rise of “Frankenpastries.”• In memoriam: Sala Kirschner, who audaciously hid letters and postcards over the five years she spent in seven Nazi forced-labor camps, died at 94.• Champions League update: Sevilla reached the quarterfinals for the first time after beating Manchester United. Roma also advanced.• In an effort to reduce crowds at the Sistine Chapel, the Vatican collaborated on a multimedia extravaganza, including a soundtrack by Sting. But will visitors choose this over the real thing?• Finally, a tale of early human resilience:The largest volcanic eruption of the last two million years, which occurred about 74,000 years ago, did not nearly extinguish humanity. A new study suggests that, instead, our ancestors thrived in its aftermath.The reaction to our collaboration last week with The Times’s crossword column, Wordplay, was overwhelmingly positive, so we’re doing it again.Each week, Wordplay’s editor, Deb Amlen, will highlight the answer to one of the most difficult clues from the previous week’s puzzles.This week’s word: aubade.It was the answer to a clue in last Friday’s crossword: “Poem greeting the dawn.” (It might also be clued as “morning music,” “Morning song” or “Sunrise song.”)An aubade (pronounced o-BAHD) can also be a musical composition about the morning. Its counterpart, a poem or song about the evening, is a nocturne.According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word was first used in 1678 and was adopted by the French from the Spanish word “alba,” meaning sunrise.Ben Zimmer, the language columnist for The Wall Street Journal, noted that “A skim of Google Books shows that aubade appeared chiefly in French sources, or French-English dictionaries, until the early 19th century.”An example of an aubade would be John Donne’s “The Sun Rising,” which, if nothing else, shows that the English poet was clearly not a morning person.With that, we wish you a wonderful start to your day._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region. (In addition to our European edition, we have Australian, Asian and U.S. editions.)Sign up here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, and here’s our full range of free newsletters.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.Each week, Farhad Manjoo, technology columnist at The New York Times, reviews the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Good morning, readers! Let’s talk about tech.The stock market hasn’t been kind to new consumer start-ups. Snap, the maker of Snapchat, has been dogged by sluggish user growth since it hit the market last summer; its stock price is still below its $17 I.P.O. price. Blue Apron, the meal delivery start-up, is also trading far below what investors paid for its stock last June. The apparel retailer Stitch Fix, meanwhile, has gained some ground since its I.P.O. in November, but only barely.Now Spotify thinks it can buck the trend. After months of windup, the music-streaming company filed documents this week to sell shares on the New York Stock Exchange. It isn’t doing an initial public offering but instead a novel model called a direct stock listing — but let’s forget about the mechanics for now and consider its prospects.On the surface, it looks like a tough road for Spotify. The company is beset by wealthy competitors, is losing tons of money, and its business model does not offer an obvious path to huge profits.But it has one thing going for it, and it’s huge: Spotify is excellent at what it does. None of its competitors match its pace of innovation and its wide cross-platform functionality. And although many musicians remain suspicious of Spotify, it offers the best path forward for the industry — a chance to thrive outside the cross hairs of Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook.Spotify’s filings suggest strong growth. The company has 159 million active users, 71 million of whom pay for a subscription to its ad-free service. Its revenue in 2017 was almost $5 billion, up 38.6 percent from the year before. But its losses also piled up; its operating loss was $461 million in 2017, up slightly from $426 million in 2016.There’s a path here to success. Spotify’s grand theory is that as it grows, it can negotiate better rates with music labels, which then increases its chance of profitability. That’s happening — its gross margin is rising — but slowly. And it’s always going to have huge content costs; Spotify has to pay for music every time it’s streamed, whereas video streaming companies like Netflix usually pay for content just once.But Spotify is worth rooting for. It’s one of few examples of a thriving consumer company that sits outside the clutches of large American tech firms. (It’s based in Sweden.) Its independence makes it great for consumers — Spotify works just about everywhere, from your iPhone to your Amazon Echo to your cheapo Android tablet. Because music streaming is all the company does, it has an incentive to keep improving its service; Spotify, I’ve noticed, adds excellent features faster than most of its bigger competitors add basic ones.That’s the best reason to hope it survives.Last month, I asked readers to send in ideas for tech stories they’d like to see covered in The Times. I expected to get a handful of responses; instead we were inundated with hundreds of thoughtful suggestions. And I read all of them! Thankfully, most of you were brief.So, what would you like to see more of? A lot of things, it turns out.Many people were interested in cryptocurrencies and the blockchains behind them. What did they want to know? The basics, really, like what’s the deal with cryptocurrencies, what is a blockchain and why is everybody suddenly talking about both? We actually have some great explainers by our Bitcoin reporter, Nathaniel Popper — and stay tuned for more.There was also a lot of interest in “algorithmic bias,” the suspicion that the computers making so many decisions about our lives might not be fair or transparent. Readers were also interested in technologies for people who aren’t thought of as a natural audience for new tech — older people, for example, or people in rural areas. “Don’t overlook the folks who are being left behind,” said Michael Starks of Zionsville, Ind.Many had concerns about security. They wondered if the cloud was really secure, and if there was anything they could do to make themselves safer online. That’s an area Times reporters are constantly digging into, but for now, the brief answer is: You’re never as safe as companies say you are.Finally, there was an interest in up-and-coming tech, even tech that’s way out there. Important as they are, people are sick of hearing about Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Twitter. They want to know about quantum computers, flying cars (oh, look, we got you covered there), any manner of robots and the start-ups behind them. And even beyond that: “All these billionaires, yet no one is making serious ground on time machines or teleportation?” asked one reader.Good question!So, some news: This will be my last newsletter for a few months. Like my nemesis Mike Isaac, I’m going to write a book about my hobbyhorse — how Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Google are conquering the world.When I get back, I hope they put me on the time travel beat. See you then!Farhad Manjoo writes a weekly technology column called State of the Art. You can follow him on Twitter here: @fmanjoo. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• Wednesday was an extraordinarily busy day, particularly in Washington.Tensions between President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions flared publicly when the president criticized Mr. Sessions for not opening his own investigation into Republican charges of misconduct in the Russia investigation. Mr. Sessions had suggested that the Justice Department’s inspector general, an Obama administration appointee, would look into them instead.In a tweet, the president called Mr. Sessions “DISGRACEFUL.” Mr. Sessions responded with a rare statement defending his “integrity and honor.”• Separately, Hope Hicks, the White House communications director and one of Mr. Trump’s longest-serving advisers,  plans to leave in the next few weeks. White House aides said her resignation wasn’t related to her testimony the day before that she had occasionally told white lies in the job.• At the National Rifle Association’s annual meeting last year, President Trump declared, “I can proudly say I will never, ever let you down.”That wasn’t evident at a meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday, as Mr. Trump called for comprehensive gun control legislation.He also suggested that guns could be seized from mentally ill people or others who presented a danger. “Take the guns first, go through due process second,” he said. We fact-checked some of his comments.• It was unclear what effect Mr. Trump’s statements might yield. In January, he said he favored a bipartisan immigration bill, but he reversed that position soon after.• Classes resumed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High on Wednesday, two weeks after a gunman killed 17 people at the Florida school.Our reporter spent the day with Brooke Harrison, 14, who lost three classmates in her Honors English class. “I feel like I’m on an episode of ‘C.S.I.,’ ” she said.• Two of the leading gun sellers in the U.S., Walmart and Dick’s Sporting Goods, announced steps to limit their sales of firearms, including requiring gun buyers to be at least 21, regardless of local laws.• The real estate business of Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, received large loans last year from two companies whose executives had met with Mr. Kushner at the White House.Citigroup lent $325 million to Kushner Companies in the spring, and Apollo Global Management, a private equity firm, lent $184 million in November.• Mr. Kushner, who remains heavily invested in his family’s business, has long been dogged by questions about conflicts of interest.• After China proposed changing the Constitution so that President Xi Jinping could remain in power indefinitely, Communist Party censors have scoured the internet to suppress criticism.“My emperor,” “lifelong” and “shameless” were obvious targets of censors. But images of Winnie the Pooh — to whom Mr. Xi is sometimes likened — have also been erased.• The letter N was also briefly censored, according to one University of Pennsylvania professor, apparently to pre-empt expressing dissent mathematically: N > 2, with “N” being the number of Mr. Xi’s terms in office.• Virtual coins, real resources: One explanation for America’s productivity problem may be the energy, time and money spent to make digital products like Bitcoin.• How low can unemployment go? Economists aren’t sure, our chief economics correspondent writes.• Spotify has filed to go public. The music streaming service is valued as high as $23 billion (you read that right).• U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• If your marriage is in a rut, try these “love hacks.”• “Smart” items may have more features, but sometimes dumb is better.• Recipe of the day: Pair your morning tea with maple scones.• U.S. Olympic chief resignsScott Blackmun, who called for the resignation of the entire board of U.S.A. Gymnastics after a sexual abuse scandal, is the latest official to go.Separately, the International Olympic Committee lifted its ban on Russia after the remaining drug tests from the Pyeongchang Games were negative.• The myth that built the modern worldWhy do we identify with millions of strangers based solely on borders? In this video from The Interpreter, we explain how new the idea of national identity is.• Today’s number: 8.3 billionIn a study published last year, scientists estimated that 8.3 billion metric tons of plastic had been produced since the 1950s.A Dutch supermarket introduced on Wednesday what it billed as the world’s first plastic-free aisle.• Best of late-night TVTrevor Noah was surprised that President Trump called out Republicans for their ties to the N.R.A. “I’ve got to tell you, he didn’t say what you’d expect.”• Quotation of the day“We’re not ditching any constitutional protections simply because the last person the president talked to today doesn’t like them.”— Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, on the President Trump’s surprise reversal on gun control.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• A frozen upper lipYour Morning Briefing is produced from London, where we’re accustomed to rain. But not so much to snow, which has arrived in relative abundance this week. Please enjoy our video.It has been called “the toughest job you’ll ever love.”The Peace Corps got its start on this day in 1961, established under an executive order by President John F. Kennedy.The idea to send American volunteers around the world to assist with development projects and to promote the image of the U.S. existed in various forms after the end of World War II.But it was during a campaign stop at the University of Michigan a few weeks before he was elected president that Kennedy asked a crowd of students, “How many of you who are going to be doctors are willing to spend your days in Ghana?”Kennedy would repeat that call to service a few months later during his inaugural address, when he urged Americans to “Ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country.”The Peace Corps has not been without criticism: Richard Nixon said it was a haven for draft dodgers, and, more recently, the organization has faced questions about the health and safety of its volunteers, particularly women.But after initially operating in only a handful of countries, the Peace Corps has sent more than 230,000 volunteers to 141 nations._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.Good morning. Here’s what you need to know:• After a morning of tension and chaos at the White House, President Trump announced stiff tariffs on steel and aluminum. The Dow dropped hundreds of points.The measures would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum. Mr. Trump said he would formally sign the measures next week.The announcement came on the same day that senior officials are to meet with China’s top economic adviser, Liu He, who has been tasked with trying to pre-empt a trade war._____• Some of the news distracting President Trump: Our reporters found that a private equity group and a bank had meetings with Jared Kushner in the White House before making large loans to his family’s real estate business.Mr. Trump is losing one of his most trusted aides, his 29-year-old communications director, Hope Hicks. (Here’s who has left his administration so far.)And Republican lawmakers were stunned by his embrace of elements of gun control: expanded background checks, keeping guns from the mentally ill and restricting sales to some young adults._____• China’s National People’s Congress is set to convene..Communist Party censors are scouring the internet to suppress criticism of a proposal, expected to pass, allowing President Xi Jinping to remain in power indefinitely. Among the unlikely targets: the letter N and images of Winnie the Pooh (a frequently used Xi avatar).A few years ago at this time, the Shanghai-based Hurun Report said that the net worth of the richest delegates to the National People’s Congress and its advisory body amounted to $463.8 billion. We’ll find out how much that number has grown in this year’s report, due out today._____• Climate update:  “The Beast from the East” is lashing Britain with such heavy snow and high winds that the national weather service warned of “risk to life.” Europe has been locked in a Siberian weather pattern since last Friday.In the U.S., state leaders have been signaling to the world that they intend to act on climate change with or without the Trump administration. Washington State, in particular, is drawing attention as a major global economy that is willing to buck conventional wisdom by considering a carbon tax.The State Senate is expected to vote on the tax today._____• There’s no homework, classrooms, uniforms or traditional grades. Instead, there are “creator spaces” and “pitch desks.”That’s Lumineer in Williamstown, Australia, a school opened by Susan Wu, an American entrepreneur who’s been called “one of the most influential women in technology.”But can Silicon Valley’s approach — which certainly works to churn out apps — turn out successful children?_____• Daimler, the German carmaker, will buy a partner’s 25 percent stake in Car2Go, paving the way for Mercedes and BMW to develop driverless taxis. That could, eventually, allow them to expand into a business segment currently dominated by Uber in the U.S. and Didi Chuxing in China.• Cellphones on the moon? Vodafone and Nokia plan to build a high-speed cellular network in space to support what would be the first privately funded moon landing, planned for next year. (Don’t expect everything to go according to plan.)• Spotify’s prospectus values the music streaming service as high as $23 billion.• The energy, time and money spent to make digital products like Bitcoin could be diverting resources from pathways to real economic growth. Our economics reporter examines whether that’s the case in the U.S.• U.S. stocks were down. Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• President Vladimir Putin of Russia used his annual state of the nation speech to threaten Western nations with a new generation of nuclear weapons, including an “invincible” intercontinental cruise missile. It remains unclear whether that actually exists. [The New York Times]• The U.S. is banking on diplomacy with North Korea — but moving ahead with war planning. [The New York Times]• The Chinese authorities have detained relatives of Radio Free Asia reporters who work for the broadcaster’s Uighur service. [The New York Times]• Speaking at South Korea’s commemoration of the March 1 independence movement, President Moon Jae-in berated Japan for its stance on “comfort women” and its territorial claims. [The Korea Herald]• China and Saudi Arabia have withdrawn their support of Pakistan, making it inevitable that the country will return to a global terrorism watchlist. [The New York Times]• Some 100 Iranian Christians remain stranded in Austria after the U.S. denied their applications for refugee status. [The New York Times]• An Indian magazine that published a cover of a breast-feeding model has sharply divided public opinion. [BBC]• Researchers in Indonesia have discovered rare saltwater lakes filled with jellyfish. (The embedded videos are fascinating.) [National Geographic]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Learn how to make flawless rice, every time.• Is that bump a spider bite? Probably not — most spiders only bite defensively.• Natural cleaning can go beyond baking soda and vinegar. Ketchup, vodka and other household items can help with stains and spills.• “David Bowie Is,” a record-setting exhibition of the rock icon’s complete artistry, opens today at the Brooklyn Museum in New York. Let us give you a virtual tour.• Astronomers using a small telescope in Australia said they had glimpsed farther back in time than the Hubble Telescope had managed. Here’s what they learned about when the first stars were forming.• A sleepy Malaysian village that once grew into a hotbed of cabarets and night life is staging a comeback as the country’s hippest destination.He’s 13.5 inches tall and weighs a (relatively) hefty 8.5 pounds. More than 3,000 of him have been handed out since 1929. And he’s one of the world’s most famous statuettes. You’ll probably know him as Oscar.The winners of Sunday’s 90th Academy Awards will proudly take home the bronze, 24-karat gold-plated figure of a knight holding a crusader’s sword, which is officially called the Academy Award of Merit. (Bone up on the Best Picture nominees here. And here’s how to watch around the world.)So where did the name Oscar come from?One explanation is that Margaret Herrick, the librarian for the Academy who would later become its executive director, saw the statue in 1931 and said it reminded her of her uncle Oscar.Others say the nickname came from the actress Bette Davis, who said the statue reminded her of her first husband, Harmon Oscar Nelson Jr.A third version has it that the Hollywood columnist Sidney Skolsky coined the term when he referred to an old vaudeville joke “Will you have a cigar, Oscar?” in a 1934 column.No matter who was responsible, it clearly stuck. In 1939, the Academy officially adopted the name.Claire Moses contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.