Peter Thiel is Silicon Valley’s homegrown Cassandra. He warned for years that the big tech companies were arrogant and clueless and less good for mankind than they believed.Comeuppance, the billionaire investor warned, was coming.Trouble has now arrived. Unfortunately for Mr. Thiel, the storm is centered on Facebook, whose board he has been a member of practically since its founding. The social network, which billed itself as bringing democracy and enlightenment to the world, was used by the Russians to subvert democracy and sow confusion in the United States.Even people paid to see the future didn’t see that one coming.“The board’s role is to help think about some of the medium- and longer-term problems coming around the corner,” Mr. Thiel said. “We were far from perfect in doing that.”Mr. Thiel, 50, is at the center of nearly every issue that roils Silicon Valley, ranging from the tech elite’s fascination with New Zealand hideaways (Mr. Thiel obtained New Zealand citizenship) to Bitcoin (he is a major investor) to the problems of herd thinking (he is moving from San Francisco to Los Angeles to escape it) to the evolving role of content on the internet (he has been exploring the creation of a media company that would outflank Breitbart and Fox for a younger audience).Two subjects are currently overwhelming everything else: President Trump, whom Mr. Thiel aggressively backed for president, and Facebook, whose core mission is being called into question in the wake of the Russian revelations. In a typical Thiel move — he tends to run toward controversy even as his Silicon Valley peers try to make themselves inconspicuous — he agreed, in a rare interview, to talk about both.“It’s been a crazier two years than I would have thought,” Mr. Thiel said in his new Midtown Manhattan apartment, which is so far up in the clouds that it literally looks down on Trump Tower.Despite the proximity, the mutual enthusiasm between Mr. Thiel and Mr. Trump seems to have cooled. After Mr. Thiel spoke at the Republican National Convention in 2016, there were unsourced media reports that said Mr. Trump wanted to put him on the Supreme Court. But now even photo ops are rare.The investor said he had last spoken to the president “a few months ago.”“We don’t talk that often,” he said, but added, “I can get access anytime I want.”The Trump whom Mr. Thiel touted at the Republican convention was a candidate who would “end the era of stupid wars and rebuild our country,” move us past “fake culture wars” and start projects the equivalent of the Apollo space program. That does not seem to be the president he got.“There are all these ways that things have fallen short,” Mr. Thiel said. But he said he had no regrets about his endorsement. “It’s still better than Hillary Clinton or the Republican zombies,” he said, referring to the other candidates.The White House did not respond to a request for comment.Mr. Thiel is routinely labeled a libertarian. On a bookshelf in the apartment, as if in confirmation, is a hardback copy of Ayn Rand’s “Atlas Shrugged,” the bible of the movement. A gift, he said.A lesser-known but possibly deeper influence was the French philosopher René Girard, who taught at Stanford University when Mr. Thiel was an undergraduate there. For 15 years, on and off, Mr. Thiel sat in on a study group about Mr. Girard’s ideas. Mr. Girard believed human beings were deeply mimetic, which is to say they copy one another.“It’s very anti-Ayn Rand: There are no self-contained autonomous figures,” Mr. Thiel said. “Our desires are not our own. They get shaped powerfully by the society around us.”It was this illumination that helped him see the potential of Facebook — where people could find out in intimate and addictive detail what their friends were up to — when it was barely a year old. He was the first outside investor, buying 10 percent of the company for $500,000.He sold most of his holdings in 2012 as Facebook went public. A few months ago, with Facebook’s market capitalization at about $500 billion, he sold most of what he had left.Last summer, there was a flap when a memo by a fellow board member, Reed Hastings, the chief executive of Netflix, appeared in The New York Times. In the memo, Mr. Hastings wrote to Mr. Thiel that he displayed “catastrophically bad judgment” in supporting Mr. Trump.Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, did not ask him to step down from the board, and reports that he wants to leave the board are incorrect, Mr. Thiel said, noting that among other things he brings “ideological diversity.” He declined to say exactly how much or what kind of advice the Facebook board was offering Mr. Zuckerberg, but defended the company from criticism that it was slow to wake up to what the Russians did.“Remember when Trump said the election was going to be rigged? People said that was crazy — ‘How dare you question the integrity of the electoral process?’ That was the view of most of the people working at Facebook, too,” he said. “They did not think things were so hackable. It was a mistake, but an understandable mistake.” Facebook declined to comment.The anger now being turned on Facebook, Mr. Thiel argued, is less about Russia specifically and more about tech arrogance — its failure to do so much for so many. It is a sentiment that helped put Mr. Trump in the White House.“The Trump campaign slogan, ‘Make America Great Again,’ was perhaps the single most offensive thing you could say to Silicon Valley,” he said. “Silicon Valley says the future is going to be better than the past. That is the propaganda, if you will.”A friend of his in Silicon Valley had the idea of running for governor of California this year. Mr. Thiel’s advice was that he had better have a good answer to this question: Why is tech good for the average person in California? The answer, he cautioned, couldn’t be a banality, such as “it’s making us more connected,” and it couldn’t be utopian, such as “it’s going to cure all diseases.”“He wasn’t able to come up with an answer, and I couldn’t come up with one, either,” Mr. Thiel said. He declined to identify the friend, but it is well known in tech circles that Sam Altman, the president of Y Combinator, the prominent start-up accelerator, was thinking about running. Mr. Altman confirmed it was him and said he had decided not to run “for many reasons.”There is a big painting of a cresting wave in Mr. Thiel’s living room, and it might as well be a visual metaphor for what is going on in big tech now.“Having some ambition that transcends just making money is a critical thing for a company,” he said. “But there is some point where it gets crazy and self-delusional.” He added that the companies “are probably in some trouble — maybe it’s a little, maybe it’s a lot.” The prospect of government regulation looms.In 2015 and 2016, Mr. Thiel gave $300,000 to Josh Hawley, who was campaigning to become Missouri’s attorney general. Mr. Hawley won, and in November he opened an antitrust investigation of Google. A spokeswoman for Mr. Hawley, a Republican who is now challenging the state’s Democratic senator, Claire McCaskill, said there was “no connection” between Mr. Thiel’s donation and the investigation. Google declined to comment.The news last month that Mr. Thiel is moving from San Francisco to Los Angeles reflects a shift that is as much mental as literal. Getting out of the tech bubble, he figures, will give him more clarity about his investments.“Network effects are very positive things, but there’s a tipping point where they fall over into the madness of crowds,” he said.Another of Mr. Thiel’s contentious ideas was destroying Gawker, the online publisher. He secretly financed the privacy lawsuit that Hulk Hogan, the former pro wrestler, filed against the media company, which Mr. Hogan won. That led to Gawker’s bankruptcy in 2016.A news operation that specialized in deflating the arrogance of Silicon Valley should have been to Mr. Thiel’s liking. But he argues that his philosophy is consistent here.“Gawker was trying to cut people down to size for not conforming,” he said. “The ability to speak and not have every word you say get distorted, to have wrong ideas and then be able to correct them — these notions were powerfully undercut by Gawker.”Mr. Thiel is still pursuing the remnants of Gawker in court, which has prompted accusations that he wants to remove all of its content from the internet as a final victory.He denied this. “Terry Bollea, a.k.a. Hulk Hogan, is still owed some money from the Gawker sale, and that is what I am trying to get,” he said. “I don’t want the archives. I don’t think it makes sense to destroy them. Preserve them, study them instead.”“Oh my god, this is so cute!”Robin Li, an investor with the San Francisco venture capital firm GGV Capital, was standing in the lobby of the Madison building in downtown Detroit. Built in 1917 as a theater and refurbished several years ago as a tech co-working space, the Madison checks all of the aesthetic boxes of hipsterdom: reclaimed wood, exposed brick walls, pour-over coffee served by tattooed baristas.“This is nicer than San Francisco,” Ms. Li concluded.Last month, I accompanied Ms. Li and roughly a dozen other venture capitalists on a three-day bus trip through the Midwest, with stops in Youngstown and Akron, Ohio; Detroit and Flint, Mich.; and South Bend, Ind. The trip, which took place on a luxury bus outfitted with a supply of vegan doughnuts and coal-infused kombucha, was known as the “Comeback Cities Tour.”It was pitched as a kind of Rust Belt safari — a chance for Silicon Valley investors to meet local officials and look for promising start-ups in overlooked areas of the country.But a funny thing happened: By the end of the tour, the coastal elites had caught the heartland bug. Several used Zillow, the real estate app, to gawk at the availability of cheap homes in cities like Detroit and South Bend and fantasize about relocating there. They marveled at how even old-line manufacturing cities now offer a convincing simulacrum of coastal life, complete with artisanal soap stores and farm-to-table restaurants.“If it weren’t for my kids, I’d totally move,” said Cyan Banister, a partner at Founders Fund. “This could be a really powerful ecosystem.”These investors aren’t alone. In recent months, a growing number of tech leaders have been flirting with the idea of leaving Silicon Valley. Some cite the exorbitant cost of living in San Francisco and its suburbs, where even a million-dollar salary can feel middle class. Others complain about local criticism of the tech industry and a left-wing echo chamber that stifles opposing views. And yet others feel that better innovation is happening elsewhere.“I’m a little over San Francisco,” said Patrick McKenna, the founder of High Ridge Venture Partners who was also on the bus tour. “It’s so expensive, it’s so congested, and frankly, you also see opportunities in other places.”Mr. McKenna, who owns a house in Miami in addition to his home in San Francisco, told me that his travels outside the Bay Area had opened his eyes to a world beyond the tech bubble.“Every single person in San Francisco is talking about the same things, whether it’s ‘I hate Trump’ or ‘I’m going to do blockchain and Bitcoin,’” he said. “It’s the worst part of the social network.”The tour through the Midwest was organized by Representative Tim Ryan, a Democrat who represents northeastern Ohio. Representative Ro Khanna, a Democrat who represents Silicon Valley, came along for the ride, as did J. D. Vance, the author of “Hillbilly Elegy.” (Mr. Vance, a venture capitalist who now seems to magically appear every time the words “Midwest” and “manufacturing” are spoken aloud, has also been leading his own whistle-stop tours of the region.)[Read more here about Mr. Vance scouring the Midwest.]Recently, Peter Thiel, the President Trump-supporting billionaire investor and Facebook board member, became Silicon Valley’s highest-profile defector when he reportedly told people close to him that he was moving to Los Angeles full-time, and relocating his personal investment funds there. (Founders Fund and Mithril Capital, two other firms started by Mr. Thiel, will remain in the Bay Area.) Mr. Thiel reportedly considered San Francisco’s progressive culture “toxic,” and sought out a city with more intellectual diversity.Mr. Thiel’s criticisms were echoed by Michael Moritz, the billionaire founder of Sequoia Capital. In a recent Financial Times op-ed, Mr. Moritz argued that Silicon Valley had become slow and spoiled by its success, and that “soul-sapping discussions” about politics and social injustice had distracted tech companies from the work of innovation.Complaints about Silicon Valley insularity are as old as the Valley itself. Jim Clark, the co-founder of Netscape, famously decamped for Florida during the first dot-com era, complaining about high taxes and expensive real estate. Steve Case, the founder of AOL, has pledged to invest mostly in start-ups outside the Bay Area, saying that “we’ve probably hit peak Silicon Valley.”But even among those who enjoy living in the Bay Area, and can afford to do so comfortably, there’s a feeling that success has gone to the tech industry’s head.“Some of the engineers in the Valley have the biggest egos known to humankind,” Mr. Khanna, the Silicon Valley congressman, said during a round-table discussion with officials in Youngstown. “If they don’t have their coffee and breakfast and dry cleaning, they want to go somewhere else. Whereas here, people are hungry.”This isn’t a full-blown exodus yet. But in the last three months of 2017, San Francisco lost more residents to outward migration than any other city in the country, according to data from Redfin, the real estate website. A recent survey by Edelman, the public relations firm, found that 49 percent of Bay Area residents, and 58 percent of Bay Area millennials, were considering moving away. And a sharp increase in people moving out of the Bay Area has led to a shortage of moving vans. (According to local news reports, renting a U-Haul for a one-way trip from San Jose to Las Vegas now costs roughly $2,000, compared with just $100 for a truck going the other direction.)For both investors and rank-and-file workers, one appeal of noncoastal cities is the obvious cost savings. It’s increasingly difficult to justify doling out steep salaries and lavish perks demanded by engineers in the Bay Area, when programmers in other cities can be had for as little as $50,000 a year. (An entry-level engineer at Facebook or Google might command triple or quadruple that amount.)When you invest in a San Francisco start-up, “you’re basically paying landlords, Twilio, and Amazon Web Services,” said Ms. Bannister of Founders Fund, referring to the companies that provide start-ups with messaging services and data hosting.Granted, California still has its perks. Venture capital investment is still largely concentrated on the West Coast, as are the clusters of talented computer scientists who emerge from prestigious schools like Stanford and the University of California, Berkeley. Despite the existence of tools like Slack, which make remote work easier, many tech workers feel it’s still an advantage to be close to the center of the action.But the region’s advantages may be eroding. Google, Facebook and other large tech companies have recently opened offices in cities like Boulder, Colo. and Boston, hoping to attract new talent as well as accommodating requests from existing employees looking to move elsewhere. And the hot demand for engineers in areas like artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles has led companies to expand their presence near research universities, in cities like Pittsburgh and Ann Arbor. Then there is HQ2, Amazon’s much-ballyhooed search for a second headquarters, which seems to have convinced some tech executives that cities between the coasts may be viable alternatives.Venture capitalists, who recognize a bargain when they see one, have already begun scouring the Midwest. Mr. Case and Mr. Vance recently amassed a $150 million fund called “Rise of the Rest.” The fund, which was backed by tech luminaries including Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Eric Schmidt, the former executive chairman of Alphabet, will invest in start-ups throughout the region.[Read Andrew Ross Sorkin on the Rise of the Rest fund.]But it’s not just about making money. It’s about social comfort, too. Tech companies are more popular in noncoastal states than in their own backyards, where the industry’s effect on housing prices and traffic congestion is more acutely felt. Most large tech companies still rate highly in national opinion surveys, but only 62 percent of Californians say they trust the tech industry, and just 37 percent trust social media companies, according to the Edelman survey. So you can start to understand the appeal of a friendlier environment.During the Akron stop of the bus trip, while the Silicon Valley investors mingled with local officials over a dinner spread of vegan polenta pizza and barbecue sliders, Mr. McKenna, the San Francisco venture capitalist, told me that he felt a difference in people’s attitudes in cities like these, where the tech industry’s success is still seen as something to celebrate.“People want to be in places where they’re the hero,” he said.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• So you want to be Deutsche Bank’s next C.E.O...• Investors are selling tech again.• Will Wall Street’s top regulator keep going after bad bankers?• More potential limits on gun sales• Facebook’s growing political troubles• Uber’s self-driving travailsGet this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.Imagine you are applying to be the C.E.O. of Deutsche Bank now that it’s reportedly seeking a successor to John Cryan, the bank’s current chief.You survey the bank’s numbers to get a sense of the opportunities and challenges you’d face.Staring you in the face is the stock price, down nearly 30 percent this year. Ugly, but it could be a good entry point. It gives you time to try out some tough measures aimed at improving Deutsche Bank’s performance. Even if those moves produce near-term losses, the stock may not dive, given how far it’s already fallen.Then you look at the strength of Deutsche Bank’s capital, as expressed by a regulatory measure called the common equity tier 1 capital ratio. That’s at 14 percent, a solid-looking level, achieved in part by an €8 billion equity raise last year. In theory, you have something to spend on your chosen plans.But then you realize that Deutsche Bank’s share price is now back at the level at which the bank sold those shares. Shareholders must be livid. Not only that, Deutsche Bank’s stock market value is less than 40 percent of its net worth as stated on its balance sheet (its stock price is €11.30 and its book value per share is €30.16.) When a company trades at a hefty discount to its net worth, it either needs to raise a lot of new capital, which doesn’t seem to be the case at Deutsche Bank, or investors have serious doubts about the company’s business model.“So, I’ll rejig the bank’s business model,” you say to yourself, “that’s what new C.E.O.’s do!”You look for ways and stumble upon an unavoidable obstacle. Deutsche Bank is heavily dependent on Wall Street revenue, which can be far more unpredictable than revenue from other businesses. Last year, revenue from Deutsche Bank’s corporate and investment bank, which has struggled to keep up with its peers, accounted for 54 percent of the bank’s overall revenue. Compare that with JPMorgan Chase, whose investment bank accounted for a third of its revenue last year. And you are stuck with the Wall Street operations; no one wants to buy an investment bank with €1.2 trillion in assets.Maybe you can cut costs, another go-to tactic of an incoming C.E.O. Indeed, Deutsche Bank’s investment bank employees seem better paid than their counterparts at other firms. Going by a back of the envelope calculation, the unit’s compensation expense is equivalent to 44 percent of its revenue (excluding the interest the investment bank earns on its assets.) That’s higher than the 39 percent ratio for JPMorgan’s investment bank last year, and 41 percent for Goldman Sachs. Maybe you could slash the pay of bankers and traders.Sorry, Mr. Cryan tried that.— Peter EavisThe roller coaster ride in tech continues.The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite tumbled nearly 3 percent, while the Dow Jones industrial average and the S.&P. 500 fell 1.4 percent and 1.7 percent.Tech companies in the S.&P. 500 tech sector slid 3.4 percent, the steepest decline among the index’s 11 main sectors.Chip makers were among the hardest hit on the day. Shares of Nvidia dropped 7.8 percent after it said it was halting tests on self-driving cars.Nvidia’s slide weighed on the shares of rival chip makers. Micron Technologies fell 5.7 percent, and AMD dropped 4.2 percent.But semiconductor companies were hardly the only ones getting pummeled. The famed FANG stocks, among the biggest gainers over the past year, tumbled Tuesday. Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google-parent Alphabet all finished down more than 4.5 percent.Tesla tumbled 8.2 percent on news that the National Transportation Safety Board is conducting its second investigation this year into a Tesla car crash. The stock is off nearly 20 percent since March 12 on increasing concerns that the electric-car maker will fall short of its production goals for the Model 3.Twitter dropped 12 percent after Andrew Left’s Citron Research said it was shorting the social media company.Tuesday’s fall continued the recent volatility in American stocks, and specifically, the shares of tech companies. Enthusiasm about the technology sector had long propelled stock markets to new heights. But the specter of intensifying regulation of the industry has taken the sheen off. Last week tech stocks dragged the broader markets to their worst week in more than two years. The selling took a break on Monday as the S.&P. 500’s tech sector rose 4 percent pushing the index to its best day in almost three years.A vigorous debate is taking place over who should become the next head of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, a powerful regulator on Wall Street’s front lines.Contenders for the post should address one question: What will you do to clean up the culture at banks?William C. Dudley, the outgoing president of the New York Fed, had made improving the culture at the firms he oversaw a key initiative of his tenure of at the institution.When Mr. Dudley took the helm in 2009, the financial crisis had left the New York Fed’s reputation as a regulator damaged. The institution had not done enough to address the severe weaknesses at the banks it oversaw, like Citigroup. Early on, Mr. Dudley commissioned a review of the New York Fed’s bank supervision department and then overhauled it. But in 2012, JPMorgan Chase, also overseen by the New York Fed, suffered huge trading losses in what was known as the London Whale scandal. The New York Fed was faulted.Following the embarrassing London Whale imbroglio, Mr. Dudley used his bully pulpit to focus on bankers’ ethics. Banks were stronger financially, but recent scandals showed that the culture of their firms still needed to improve, he observed. And if a cleanup didn’t occur, it may be a sign that they needed to be reduced in size, Mr. Dudley said in a 2014 speech that rattled Wall Street.The next big banking scandal — Wells Fargo’s widespread mistreatment of customers, which came to light in 2016 – strongly supported Mr. Dudley’s arguments. Wells Fargo was considered one of the most stable “too big to fail” banks, with its focus on plain vanilla lending, but in fact, its retail sales culture had degraded. The Fed earlier this year slapped relatively harsh sanctions on the bank, including a limit on its size.The example of Wells Fargo is pertinent for John C. Williams, a top candidate to replace Mr. Dudley. Mr. Williams is head of the San Francisco Fed, which oversees Wells Fargo.And there is still work to do to fulfill Mr. Dudley’s initiative. He proposed a “database of banker misconduct,” similar to the one for brokers, that would track a banker’s record on ethics and compliance. Banks could consult it before hiring. But this idea has not taken off. In a speech at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Monday, Mr. Dudley explained why: “Understandably, firms are concerned about legal risk if they share information about banker misconduct, but there may be ways to address these concerns through legislation.”Mr. Dudley had also pressed banks’ boards of directors to focus on ethical culture. On Monday, he said the boards had set up separate committees to focus on culture and conduct. “We’ve made part of the journey but I think more could be done,” Mr. Dudley said. Whether it will, depends on who steps into his shoes.— Peter EavisThe yield curve is near its flattest level since the financial crisis. The difference between the yields on the two-year and 10-year Treasury notes is at 0.52 percentage points, not far off its post-crisis low of 0.50 percentage points hit in January.That has some asking if the nine-year-old economic recovery is at risk.Since the end of World War II, no barometer has done a better job of predicting a recession than the yield curve. A flattening yield curve tends to indicate slowing economic growth in the near future. But what is more worrisome is if the yield curve goes beyond flattening and into outright inversion.The chances of a recession when the yield curve is flattening is just 20 percent, according to the calculations of Jim Paulsen, the chief investment strategist at the Leuthold Group. That jumps to 72 percent when the curve inverts.There is another reason not to be too concerned about a flattening yield curve, and it has to do with the actions of central banks around the world. The unprecedented stimulus from the Fed, Bank of Japan and E.C.B. have brought down long-term rates. That means the yield curve might not be the predictor it once was.A week after a self-driving Uber vehicle hit and killed a woman in Arizona, the fallout continues to spread.Nvidia on Tuesday said it had suspended self-driving tests in New Jersey, Santa Clara, Japan and Germany. A Nvidia spokesperson said in a statement, using A.V. as an abbreviation for automated vehicles :Nvidia’s artificial intelligence platform is the autonomous industry’s leader. The chip maker has partnered with auto makers such as Volkswagen, Tesla and Audi. Around 320 firms - from software developers, automakers and their suppliers, sensor and mapping companies - use Nvidia’s platform, Reuters reports.Nvidia is just the latest company to halt tests on self-driving cars in the wake of the accident in Arizona. Toyota, nuTonomy and Uber have all already done so.Roger Lanctot, an automotive technology analyst with Strategy Analytics, wrote:Citigroup became the biggest Wall Street firm thus far to take actions to limit gun sales. Others, like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Visa and Mastercard, are studying options. (Bank of America and JPMorgan are two of the bankruptcy lenders to Remington Outdoor, along with Wells Fargo, which is the N.R.A.’s bank of choice.)In his latest column, Andrew suggests these new tactics:• Credit-card issuers and banks could give gun sellers who have announced restrictions on sales, like Walmart and Dick’s Sporting Goods, a special merchant category code. That could help financial firms decide with whom they want to do business.• Payment processors could geofence gun shows and enforce restrictions on transactions coming from those GPS coordinates.Here’s what Citi’s C.E.O., Mike Corbat, told Andrew about his firm’s actions:Where to begin? The company faces inquiries from the Federal Trade Commission, the Senate Judiciary Committee, several state attorneys general and the watchdog group Common Cause. And Britain’s Parliament asked Mark Zuckerberg to testify (he’s sending a deputy).Facebook’s stock overall is headed for its worst monthly performance in nearly five years. Yet the company’s shares recovered from another beating, closing up slightly yesterday. And just two analysts have “sell” ratings on the stock, compared to 44 who have “buy” ratings.In Cambridge Analytica news: Did a Brexit campaign group violate election laws by not declaring some of its spending with AggregateIQ, a digital marketer with ties to Cambridge Analytica?Critics’ corner: Nir Kaissar of Gadfly thinks that the big question is how many users value privacy more than having a Facebook account. Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed argues the Cambridge Analytica scandal could lead to “a full-scale personal and public reckoning that looks at the way we’ve used the internet for the last decade.”Bankers and deal lawyers may want to send some of their bonus to Amazon this year. M.&A. activity is running at record levels and concerns about the e-commerce giant have played a role in driving a number of the largest deals.The latest? GlaxoSmithKline’s decision to buy out Novartis’s stake in their consumer health joint venture, which includes Sensodyne toothpaste, for $13 billion.Amazon may not have been the main reason, but its impact on the pricing of consumer health products likely played a role.Historically, such products have lower margins than prescription drugs, but customers that keep coming back. Sales, though, are slowing, up just 3 percent over the past two years, half the rate of the previous two, according to Morgan Stanley. Price competition from online retailers like Amazon has some worried it could decelerate further.That partly helps explain why Novartis was willing to exit the business.So why was Glaxo willing to pay up for the business?1) Starting this month Novartis had the right to require Glaxo purchase its stake in the joint venture. Doing the deal now removes uncertainty.2) The deal will allow its new chief executive to “get on with fixing GSK’s pharmaceutical division, which suffers from a relatively lackluster pipeline of new drugs,” writes Neil Unmack of Breakingviews. Shares of Glaxo have gained 6.3 percent.The S.&P. 500 rose 2.7 percent yesterday, its best day in nearly three years (as President Trump would be happy to tell you). Maybe it’s because, as Peter Eavis writes, the president’s threats of a trade war with China might be merely negotiating tactics.More from Peter: According to this view, the tariff proposal was a jarring move partly aimed at getting China to see that the U.S. was serious about shifting trade terms. If China doesn’t show real signs that it will do more to open its markets, Mr. Trump could up the ante — roiling the markets again. But the White House’s more conciliatory tone yesterday after last week’s sell-off suggests there is not a strong desire for a full trade war.But remember that Beijing is firmly committed to its industrial policy, while the U.S. is equally adamant about letting American companies operate more freely in China. (Even if G.M. and Ford, who have joint ventures with Chinese companies, wouldn’t benefit from a lower tariff on U.S. car imports.) And Stephen Roach of Yale thinks that the U.S.-China trade deficit will keep widening.Elsewhere in trade: The U.S. is near a deal with South Korea, after winning concessions on steel exports and imports of U.S. cars. Betting on trade wars is risky. Hedge funds are taking refuge in southern European stocks. And the Western world’s economic institutions are being attacked from within.• White House lawyers are examining whether more than $500 million of loans to Kushner Companies may have violated criminal laws or federal ethics regulations. (WSJ)• Democrats and progressive groups aren’t happy with the possibility of John C. Williams taking over the New York Fed. (NYT)• Stormy Daniels’s interview with “60 Minutes” drew 22 million viewers, the program’s highest ratings in almost a decade. She’s suing President Trump’s personal attorney, Michael Cohen, for defamation.• The White House’s criterion for judicial nominees: favor shrinking the federal government. (NYT)The state’s governor, Doug Ducey, ordered Uber to halt self-driving car tests there after the death of a pedestrian in Tempe.Uber’s repeated problems — even after a change in leadership — have led the journalist Steven Hill to argue that limits should be placed on the company, including caps on the number of vehicles and rules against subsidizing rides.Elsewhere in tech• Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Masa Son of SoftBank met in New York. (@spagov)• The F.C.C. is another regulator wary of Huawei. (NYT)• Google, Tesla and Qualcomm are banding together to challenge SoftBank’s ARM Holdings. (The Information)• Bitcoin fell below $8,000 after Twitter banned some cryptocurrency ads. (CNBC)• A.I. is now coming for Hollywood special-effects producers. (NYT)• IBM faces accusations of age discrimination. (ProPublica)Third Point: Dan Loeb’s hedge fund has built a position in United Technologies, according to an antitrust filing, following Pershing Square Capital Management. They’re both betting that the industrial conglomerate will split up.Elliott: The firm has reportedly taken a stake in Travelport Worldwide and plans to push the company to consider selling itself.D.E. Shaw: The hedge fund scored another win yesterday when Lowe’s said that its chairman and C.E.O., Robert Niblock, would retire. D.E. Shaw has been pressuring the retailer to expand sales more quickly and will have a say in choosing the new C.E.O. .Barington Capital: To settle a proxy fight, the embattled cosmetics company Avon gave the activist fund a seat on its board. The fund has been pushing for a sale.• Meet HNA’s quiet power broker: Wang Wei, younger brother of the Chinese conglomerate’s chairman. (NYT)• Akzo Nobel has reached a deal to sell its specialty chemicals unit to the Carlyle Group and GIC of Singapore for €10.1 billion, including debt, or $12.6 billion. (FT)• Brookfield Property Partners agreed to buy the 66 percent of GGP that it doesn’t already own for about $9.25 billion. (WSJ)• Spotify is paying I.P.O.-level fees for its non-I.P.O. SmartSheet, a cloud-based business software company, reportedly plans to go public. Both Yeti, the maker of upscale coolers, and Gategroup, the Swiss airline catering business owned by HNA, have pulled their offerings.• Lightspeed Venture Partners is raising $1.8 billion for new funds. Lerer Hippeau is taking over most of the portfolio companies of the embattled Binary Capital.• How Alibaba and Tencent became Asia’s biggest deal makers. (FT)• Why private equity hasn’t helped smaller grocery chains struggling against Walmart and Amazon. (NYT)• Deutsche Bank is reportedly seeking to replace its C.E.O., John Cryan, according to The Times of London and Financial News.• Harry Keogh, the Coutts & Company banker accused of sexual harassment, has resigned. (WSJ)• JPMorgan Chase has named James Roddy as the co-head of its global diversified industrials investment banking team. (Reuters)• Shell Oil plans to name Gretchen Watkins, the former C.E.O. of Maersk Oil, as president and U.S. country chair. (Houston Business Journal)• Nickelodeon has cut ties with Dan Schneider, the producer of “iCarly” and “Kenan and Kel.” (WSJ)• Goldman Sachs began an investigation after a former employee wrote to Lloyd Blankfein saying that a group of colleagues attempted to rape her in 1994. (Financial News)• Goldman is deploying investment banking partners to hubs like Atlanta, Dallas, Seattle and Toronto. (Business Insider)• The average Wall Street banker’s bonus last year was the highest since before the financial crisis. (WSJ)• How a tiny Latvian bank became a haven for the world’s dirty money. (WSJ)• Cisco Systems promised to donate $50 million over five years to fight homelessness in Santa Clara County, Calif. (WaPo)• Royal Dutch Shell has set out what it thinks it would take for the world to control climate change — including using far less oil by 2070. (WaPo)• G.M. said its South Korean unit would file for bankruptcy if a labor union rejected a restructuring plan. (Bloomberg)• Imagine if Gordon Gekko bought news empires. Heath Freeman is like that, only worse, writes Joe Nocera. (BloombergView)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching: • What to expect from Powell’s first Fed meeting.• Trump, tariffs and the G20.• Pressure continues to mount on Facebook.• Facebook had a terrible day.• So did Uber.• Leaders at the G-20 summit are still trying to avert a trade war.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.Federal Reserve policymakers conclude their March rate-setting meeting on Wednesday. It is the first such session with Jerome H. Powell as the central bank’s new chairman.With the job market tight and inflation picking up only gradually, the Fed is widely expected to raise rates by a quarter of a percentage point in what is likely to be the first of three rate increases this year.After the meeting, Mr. Powell will hold his first news conference in his new role, where observers will be listening closely for any suggestion that the Fed might depart from its anticipated path, and, if so, why.Here’s a look at what economists and money managers are expecting:Jan Hatzius, Goldman Sachs: “Public remarks by Fed officials suggest a broad shift in the committee’s outlook towards a potentially faster pace of tightening, and we expect the median dot to show four hikes in 2018, up from three at the December meeting. Additional hawkish changes—a move to three hikes in 2019 or an increase in the longer-run funds rate estimates—are also possible but not our base case.”Michelle Meyer, Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ms. Meyer says she expects the Fed raise rates this meeting, but “unlike December where there were two dissents, we expect this decision to be unanimous given the shift in voters this year in the hawkish direction. The focus will be on the evolution of the dots: we look for the median to hold at three hikes for this year, but to shift up from two to three hikes in 2019. We also think the long-run dot will edge up to 2.875%. This would show a Fed that is more confident about its ability to deliver rate hikes, but without an urgency to front-load the tightening.”Ian Shepherdson, Pantheon Macroeconomics: Mr. Powell “is bound to be faced with questions along the lines of “Why are you not raising the dots in the wake of the substantial, unfunded fiscal easing?”. His reply, we suspect, will be something like: “It’s not our job to tell Congress how to conduct fiscal policy, and it’s too soon to assess the impact of the tax cuts and spending increases. Much of the easing of policy could be saved rather than spent, and there are encouraging signs that productivity is picking up, so any upturn in wage growth as a result of fiscal loosening need not necessarily generate higher inflation. In any event, with inflation well below target, gradual normalization is the best way to balance the risks of both future inflation and the premature ending of the cycle via excessive tightening.”Stephen Stanley, Amherst Pierpont: “The bulk of the interest in this week’s F.O.M.C. meeting will come from the updated dot and economic projections as well as any meaningful tweaks to the key elements of the F.O.M.C. statement. Any changes to the dots and statement language are likely to be in the hawkish direction, though I would expect that the new information will be more evolutionary than a radically different.”Steve Rick, CUNA Mutual Group: There is “a very strong case for not only raising rates this week, but potentially doing so in a more aggressive manner than previously forecasted at the end of 2017. I think we could see projections get updated to call for four hikes instead of three, with plans for lifting rates more in coming years as well.”Chris Zaccarelli, Independent Advisor Alliance: “Whether we have 3 or 4 rate hikes this year shouldn’t be that big of a difference to the economy, but it WILL have a big impact on market prices and market psychology. Every statement – whether spoken or written – will be highly scrutinized looking for clues as to whether the Fed Funds rate will be 1% higher (or only 75 bps) a year from now.”President Trump’s plan to hit countries around the world with stiff tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum has dominated a gathering of world economic leaders amid fears that the United States is on the cusp of starting an international trade war.On Monday, Steven Mnuchin, the United States Treasury secretary, was peppered with requests from several countries for exemptions from the tariffs, which are being imposed in the name of national security.In an interview on the sidelines of the meeting, Mr. Mnuchin suggested exemptions to the tariffs could be announced “relatively quickly.”Mr. Mnuchin said:Mr. Trump has already said he would exempt Canada and Mexico from the tariffs upon a successful renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and he has indicated that other countries could also get exemptions. But the United States has yet to detail exactly what would qualify a country for an exemption, other than a vague reference to protecting the United States’ national security and reducing bilateral trade deficits.Countries including France, Argentina and South Korea pressed Mr. Mnuchin on Monday about being freed from the metals tariffs, arguing that, as United States allies, they should not be penalized on national security grounds. Mr. Mnuchin said that decisions were being made on a case-by-case basis and that there was not a one-size-fits-all approach to deciding which countries would be exempt. The tariffs go into effect on Friday.— Alan RappeportThe Federal Trade Commission has opened an investigation into whether Facebook violated an agreement with the agency on data privacy, reports Cecilia Kang of the NYT.The probe comes after reports that information on 50 million users was improperly obtained by the political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry.The investigation, started in recent days, adds to the mounting pressureagainst Facebook in the United States and in the United Kingdom about its handling of the data. Cambridge Analytica used the information to help President Trump’s presidential campaign profile voters during the 2016 election.The F.T.C. and Facebook reached a settlement in 2011 after the agency accused the company of deceiving customers “by telling them they could keep their information on Facebook private, and then repeatedly allowing it to be shared and made public,” according to a statement at the time.Facebook could face fines of thousands of dollars a day per violation if the commission finds Facebook violated terms of the settlement, Bloomberg reports.Shares of Facebook are down 2.5 percent in early trading.Exhibit A: Its stock closed down nearly 7 percent, its worst performance in four years.Exhibit B: Its chief security officer, Alex Stamos, plans to leave after disagreements about how much the company should share about misuse of its platform. (He favored disclosure.)The overall problem: Reports about how the data firm Cambridge Analytica improperly harvested information from 50 million Facebook users are highlighting just how much governments itch to regulate the tech giant.And Facebook’s previous laissez-faire attitude toward data collection by apps has gone from feature to bug, Kevin Roose writes in his latest column.Peter Eavis’s take: Mark Zuckerberg’s unusually powerful position at the company may have played a role:More on Cambridge Analytica: An undercover investigation by Channel 4 News of Britain captured the firm’s C.E.O., Alexander Nix, suggesting the entrapment of a potential client’s political opponents with women and bribes. Britain’s information commissioner is now seeking a warrant to examine the firm’s data. And Facebook has hired a forensics firm to audit it.Critics’ corner• Jeff Goldfarb of Breakingviews writes, “Ten years ago, Zuckerberg hired Sheryl Sandberg to help turn his start-up into a serious corporation. It may be time for more adult supervision.”• The academic Zeynep Tufekci writes, “This wasn’t informed consent. This was the exploitation of user data and user trust.”• Cass Sunstein of Bloomberg View writes, “It would be a mistake to take the fiasco as a reason to keep treasure troves of information out of the hands of people who can provide immensely valuable services with it.”• Dan Gallagher of Heard on the Street writes, “Facebook’s immense scale also has made it virtually impossible for alternatives to catch on. That, in turn, makes abuse of the platform more urgent for lawmakers.”Public service announcements: How to protect yourself on Facebook. Oxford Analytica, an advisory group, wants you to know it’s not like that. And a little joke for those steeped in the British university system:Uber has suspended its autonomous vehicle testing in four cities after a car in self-driving mode struck and killed a woman in Tempe, Ariz. Until now, regulators had been increasingly open to testing: Just this month, California said it would start letting self-driving cars operate without anyone behind the wheel. Arizona already had.The head of Carnegie Mellon’s self-driving car lab has urged a halt to testing, telling Axios, “The technology is not there yet.”The virtual currencies corner: The White House banned Venezuela’s virtual currency in a new round of sanctions. Morgan Stanley analysts said Bitcoin looked like the dot-com boom and bust, only way faster. How Zug, Switzerland, became a hotbed for digital money. And the Hong Kong and Australia stock exchanges are working to share blockchain information.Shares of Oracle are down 9.3 percent this morningThe reason? The software giant reported that its sales missed Wall Street expectations and its guidance disappointed after the close Monday. The lackluster results led analysts to downgrade the stock.Perhaps more concerning for investors was the slowdown in Oracle’s cloud-computing business last quarter.Here’s a look at Oracle’s slowing cloud computer growth via Therese Poletti of MarketWatch:• Fiscal fourth-quarter guidance: up 19 percent to 23 percent.• Fiscal third quarter: up 32 percent from a year ago.• Fiscal Second quarter: up 44 percent.• Fiscal first quarter: up 51 percent• Fiscal fourth quarter: up 58 percentThe tech flyaround• Larry Ellison and David Agus, who was Steve Jobs’s doctor, have unveiled a start-up, Sensei, that promises more nutritious food through hydroponic farming. (DealBook)• Europe’s plans to change how tech companies are taxed could exacerbate tensions with the U.S. (NYT)• Amazon and Snapchat are chipping away at Google and Facebook’s digital ad duopoly. (The big two are still expected to control well over half the market in 2018.)• Tech giants ask a lot of Wikipedia — see YouTube’s plans to use its text alongside controversial content — without always giving much back. (NYT)• Amazon has reportedly considered buying Toys “R” Us stores, for the real estate. (Bloomberg)• The Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari worries that tech will transform humanity for the worse within decades. (NYT)Expect the White House to impose tariffs on some $60 billion worth of Chinese goods this week over what it says are unfair trade practices. But leaders at the G-20 summit meeting continued to push for free trade. More from Andrea Thomas and Paul Kiernan of the WSJ:And some critics say that Mr. Trump is missing the bigger picture, including the U.S.’s trade surplus in services.The budget corner: Lawmakers are still trying to finalize a $1.3 trillion spending bill ahead of Friday’s deadline. T hey disagree on health care and immigration.• Gary Cohn as C.I.A. director? It was apparently considered. And the White House named Chris Liddell, the former Microsoft and G.M. executive, as deputy chief of staff for policy coordination.• The White House added Joseph diGenova, a lawyer who argued the F.B.I. was out to get President Trump, to its legal team. Mr. Trump has also mused about whether to fire another lawyer, Ty Cobb, and a third, John Dowd, has considered resigning.• Exploring why some Democrats voted for a Dodd-Frank rollback. (WaPo)• The dangers facing the continued boom. (NYT)• The Kochs urged Mr. Trump to accept the Democrats’ compromise on immigration. (Politico)• The race to find loopholes in the new tax law. (WaPo)• How that law may end up taxing sports teams’ player trades. (NYT)Bloomberg interviewed the Saudi royal shortly after his release from the Ritz-Carlton, where Saudi Arabia detained hundreds of businessmen in the name of an anti-corruption campaign.Mr. bin Talal wouldn’t comment on the deal for his release, but said that he has “forgiven and forgotten” the process, and continues to talk with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the cousin who jailed him. More from the interview:Elsewhere in Saudi Arabia: Behind the bromance between Jared Kushner and the crown prince. Aramco looks increasingly likely to postpone an international listing, focusing on an I.P.O. on its home stock market, the WSJ says. And why the kingdom wants to enrich its own uranium.Michael Ferro, who is also the media company’s biggest shareholder, stepped down hours before Fortune published an article in which two women accused him of inappropriate advances. Neither worked for him, but both said they had been interacting with him professionally. Mr. Ferro declined to comment on the allegations.A recap of his tenure: Tribune became “Tronc.” Management opposed a newsroom unionization effort. The company sold its crown jewel, The L.A. Times, after controversies led to the replacement of senior executives. Weinstein Company news: The troubled film studio finally filed for bankruptcy protection. And New York state is looking into how the Manhattan district attorney handled 2015 assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein.Elsewhere in misconduct: A loose coalition of Silicon Valley companies like Airbnb, Dropbox and Stitch Fix are pressuring venture capital firms to diversify their ranks. Female employees at Nike circulated a survey about improper conduct by male colleagues. And a former employee of the celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him for sexual harassment.• The Long-Term Stock Exchange and IEX took a step to spread new standards for I.P.O.s. (DealBook)• Boeing dropped its objection to Rockwell Collins’s sale to United Technologies. (WSJ)• Bloom Energy has reportedly restarted its I.P.O. planning. (WSJ)• Cheddar, the CNBC for the Snapchat generation, has raised $22 million from Raine Ventures, Liberty Global and the C.E.O. of the N.Y.S.E.’s parent company. (WSJ)• Greenhill & Company has hired Neil Augustine from Rothschild as vice chairman and co-head of its of North American financing advisory & restructuring. (Greenhill)• Germany has named Jörg Kukies, the co-head of Goldman Sachs’s operations in Germany and Austria, as its deputy finance minister. (FT)• Paul Fishman, the former U.S. attorney for New Jersey, has joined the law firm Arnold & Porter as a partner and the head of its crisis management practice. (Arnold & Porter)• The S.E.C.’s chairman pressed exchanges to end a standoff that has delayed a massive database of stock and options trading. (WSJ)• David Calhoun, a senior managing director at Blackstone, will give $20 million to Virginia Tech. (Bloomberg)• Larry Fink finally threw his lot in with the machines. Will BlackRock’s algorithms beat the fund managers? (FT)• The jewelry chain Claire’s has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. (NYT)• A case being tried before a National Labor Relations Board court could upend McDonald’s franchise business model by letting unions deal directly with the parent company — if it gets to a verdict. (NYT)• A court fight in London between two Russian billionaires is testing the Kremlin’s patience. (Bloomberg)• Federal prosecutors are investigating the fast-growing business of cash advances to plaintiffs in personal injury and other lawsuits, according to five lawyers. (NYT)• British and E.U. negotiators agreed on the terms of a 21-month transition period to keep Britain inside Europe’s economic structures. It depends on a broader agreement on Britain’s withdrawal, which is by no means certain. (NYT)• White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain that way. That’s not the case for black boys. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday Here’s what we’re watching:• Tariffs will test investors’ resolve.• Trump on Tariffs: “If they charge us, we charge them.”• The stock market is proving Gary D. Cohn right.• China tech stocks are also tumbling• Dropbox has priced its I.P.O.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.An unorthodox action by President Trump unsettles investors, but after a freakout, their optimism returns and the stock market moves higher.But will investors shrug off President Trump’s tariffs on China?The stock market plunged Thursday after Mr. Trump announced the measures against China. Since mid-February, when the Trump administration laid out its case for steel and aluminum tariffs, the S.&P. 500 is down 3.2 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average is off nearly 5 percent.Until now, investors might have thought they could take Mr. Trump’s trade pronouncements in stride. After all, many countries have won a reprieve from the steel and aluminum tariffs. And as Edward Alden of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote Thursday of the anti-China measures, “The administration is delaying the action to solicit comments from affected U.S. companies, and it is quite possible the final tariffs will fall short of the threats.”Just as the Trump administration has stepped back from quickly imposing the steel and aluminum tariffs, it may soften its stance if China suggests that its open to negotiations. The world could relax.But China may not budge. As our colleague Steven Lee Myers reports, President Xi Jinping has so far managed to navigate Mr. Trump’s rhetoric while maintaining a strong nationalist image at home. Yet Mr. Trump’s tariff announcement, along with moves perceived by the Chinese as humiliating, may prompt China to retaliate with force.Investors would then scramble to quantify the economic repercussions. They might not be terrible.Some American companies, like computer chip makers, get substantial revenue from China. But on average, companies in the S.&P. 500 index derive a small share of their sales from the country.And some investors may take a long view, believing that U.S. companies have long been treated unfairly in China. A trade fight that eventually relaxes some of those disadvantageous conditions could bolster the long-term prospects of those firms. And if the U.S. is able to recruit other countries to its cause, China may relent.Still, much could go wrong. A true test of investor sentiment will come if China fights back. Markets could fall further, creating a financial chain reaction that dampens the wider economy. A lot would depend on how Mr. Trump responds to Chinese actions. Would he up the ante?“It’s genuinely hard to predict how this will turn out,” said Scott Kennedy, an expert in Chinese trade at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, “whether one side will back down or whether it will spiral into a trade war.”— Peter EavisHere are the details:• The data-storage and collaboration company sold 36 million shares at $21 apiece, its expected range of $18 to $20 a share.• At that price, the offering raised $756 million.• At $21 a share, the company has a market value of gave Dropbox a market value of $9.2 billion.The contextThe demand for Dropbox’s shares suggests investors overcame any concern about daunting competition from the likes of Microsoft, Google and Amazon, all of which provide cloud storage services. A successful debut could pave the way for other unicorns to soon go public.President Trump said he would impose about $60 billion worth of annual tariffs on Chinese imports as the White House moved to punish China for what it says is a pattern of co-opting American technology and trade secrets and robbing companies of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue.The tariffs will target 1,300 lines of Chinese goods — everything from shoes and clothing to electronics — the NYT reports administration officials said.Mr. Trump, the officials added, will also direct the Treasury Department to impose restrictions on Chinese investment in American technology companies, a practice that they said the Chinese government uses to develop its own “national champions” in cutting-edge industries like A.I. and autonomous vehicles.“The end objective of this is to get China to modify its unfair trade practices,” Everett Eissenstat, the deputy director of the National Economic Council, told reporters.Peter Navarro, the director of the White House National Trade Council and an architect of the measures, cast the tariffs as part of a seminal shift in how the U.S. views China. Rather than trying to draw it into the rules-based international economic order — a policy that dates back to Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger — the U.S. now regards China as a strategic competitor, bent on eroding American security and prosperity.— Mark Landler and Jim TankersleyBefore he said he was leaving his White House position earlier this month, Mr. Cohn reportedly warned that protectionist trade policies could jeopardize the stock rally that has taken place since Donald Trump became president. After Mr. Trump announced tariffs on steel and aluminum, the stock market slid, but soon recovered those losses, reassuring the president that his decision to introduce tariffs was right.On Thursday, the Trump administration announced trade restrictions against China. The news appeared to weigh on markets. So, how have stocks done since important dates in the trade skirmish?One important milestone was the Commerce Department’s announcement last month that suggested the Trump administration was serious about introducing steel and aluminum tariffs. The S.&P. 500 index is down 2.3 percent since the day before that announcement. Mr. Trump actually announced plans for those tariffs on March 1. The S.&P. 500 is down 1.7 percent since Feb. 28.The Dow Jones industrial average has done a lot worse, however. It is down 3.7 percent since the Commerce Department’s announcement, and 3.1 percent since Mr. Trump announced his intentions. The decline encapsulated how trade tension might hurt specific businesses, in particular, Boeing’s.— Peter EavisMuch of the Dow’s underperformance can be traced to the aircraft maker’s stock.The Trump administration’s trade policies have hit Boeing, the most-heavily weighted stock in the Dow, particularly hard.Aluminum makes up about 80 percent of the weight of most commercial aircrafts, according to Brooke Sutherland and David Fickling of Gadfly. That means tariffs on imported aluminum would likely raise Boeing’s costs more than its competitors. Boeing also views China, the main target of the Trump administration’s protectionist trade policies, as an important growth market. The country is set to overtake the U.S. as the biggest aviation market by 2022, Ms. Sutherland and Mr. Fickling write.China could target Boeing if the country decides to retaliate against the U.S.Boeing is down 3.6 percent today, shaving more than 80 points off the blue-chip index. Since the Commerce Department released its report calling for tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, the stock is down 8.7 percent, worth more than 200 points off the Dow.Boeing drove the Dow higher for much of Mr. Trump’s presidency, more than doubling during his first 12 months in office.Boeing’s climb has had an outsized impact on the Dow. The index is price-weighted, meaning that the higher priced stocks have a bigger pull on the index.MoneyBeat’s Ben Eisen noted that at the end of January, the stock accounted for 9.4 percent of Dow, up from 6 percent a year earlier. By comparison, Boeing makes up just 0.8 percent of the market capitalization weighted S.&P. 500.Chinese tech stocks are also tumbling.Shares of Alibaba are off 4.2 percent, Tencent 5 percent and Baidu 4.3 percent in the wake of the Trump administration’s plan to impose about $60 billion worth of annual tariffs on Chinese imports.That is much worse than their American counterparts. Amazon, Facebook and Google’s parent Alphabet are down between 1.2 percent and 2.2 percent by comparison.Shares of Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent — collectively known as BAT — have soared over the past year, pushing their combined market value above $1 trillion.As these companies have grown, so have their ambitions. All three have moved to expand beyond their core business and home market and have aggressively invested in Americantech start-ups to help them do so.China’s largest internet companies — the BAT plus the e-commerce company JD.com — have invested $5.6 billion in 48 tech deals in the United States over the past two years, according to CBI Insights data via CNBC.Such investments have raised concerns in the United States. The Trump administration officials said the Chinese government uses these investments to develop its own “national champions” in cutting-edge industries like A.I. and autonomous vehicles. As part of the China tariffs, the Trump administration plans to place restrictions on Chinese investment in American technology companies.Shrugging off hikes by the Federal Reserve and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority this week, the Bank of England maintained its key interest rate at 0.5 percent today.Two members of the central bank’s monetary policy committee called for an immediate rate increase, but the majority of the committee did not see the need for a hike at this time. Most economists expect the Bank of England to raise rates in May, when it releases its latest quarterly projection for inflation.In the minutes from the committee’s latest meeting, the central bank said that there had been “few surprises” in recent economic data and its February projections for inflation appeared “broadly on track.” The bank said that the May inflation report would allow the committee to “undertake a fuller assessment of the underlying momentum in the economy, the degree of slack remaining and the extent of domestic inflationary pressures.”— Chad BrayAfter days of questions and criticism about his silence, the Facebook co-founder and C.E.O. posted a statement and gave a series of interviews. (Sheryl Sandberg offered a statement, too.)What he promised: to investigate apps that had access to large amounts of Facebook data, to restrict developers’ data access and to show users how to revoke app permissions.Highlights from his interviews:• To CNN: “I’m not sure we shouldn’t be regulated,” Zuckerberg said. “There are things like ad transparency regulation that I would love to see.” (He also made ad transparency promises to Wired.)• To the NYT, about Facebook’s business model: “I don’t think the ad model is going to go away, because I think fundamentally, it’s important to have a service like this that everyone in the world can use, and the only way to do that is to have it be very cheap or free.”• On why it took so long for him to respond, compared with other tech C.E.O.s: “I know that there was a lot of pressure to speak sooner, but my assessment was that it was more important that what we said was fully accurate.”• On #DeleteFacebook: “I don’t think we’ve seen a meaningful number of people act on that, but, you know, it’s not good.”Peter Eavis’s take: Missing from his response was a full explanation of why Facebook took so long to disclose the Cambridge Analytica misuse of data. The company found out in 2015. Why wasn’t the abuse disclosed then?Elsewhere in the Facebook orbit: A guide to deleting your account; idealistic reasons not to. Why former employees feel emboldened to criticize. And Cambridge Analytica is being accused of receiving a foreign leader’s private emails, perhaps from Israeli hackers. (It says it didn’t.)It’s here. A $1.3 trillion, 2,232-page pact between Republicans and Democrats that needs to be signed into law by midnight Friday to avoid another government shutdown. But can Congress pass the bill — and will President Trump support it?What’s in there:• A patch for the “grain glitch” in the recent tax overhaul that hurt corporate farms and helped farming co-ops• A pathway to funding for the New York Gateway project, something Mr. Trump has opposed• $1.6 billion, with strings attached, for a border wall with Mexico• Nothing to protect Dreamers or to shore up the Affordable Care ActRepublicans like the senators Rand Paul and John Kennedy are unhappy. So too is the president, who wanted far more for his wall. (He’s on board for now.)• How George Nader, now a cooperating witness in Robert Mueller’s investigation, sought to influence a top Republican fund-raiser on behalf of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. (NYT)• Among the companies lined up to meet the Saudi delegation in the U.S.: Boeing, JPMorgan Chase, and Apple. (Bloomberg)• The F.B.I. investigated Jeff Sessions for perjury last year. Andrew McCabe, now fired, authorized it. (NYT)• Reince Priebus, Don McGahn and Ivanka Trump supported a White House push for nondisclosure agreements, some while knowing they would be unenforceable. (NYT)• John Kelly was furious over leaks about Mr. Trump’s briefing materials for his call after President Vladimir Putin’s election victory, which included the admonition “DO NOT CONGRATULATE.” (Politico)Adding a quarter of a percentage point to the benchmark interest rate, as expected, Jay Powell said, “There is no sense in the data that we’re on the cusp of an acceleration of inflation.”The Fed is now expected to raise rates three times this year, three times next year and twice in 2020. But there’s a bigger issue, as Neil Irwin of The Upshot points out:Critics’ corner:  Justin Lahart of Heard on the Street writes about inflation, “The Fed’s view doesn’t jibe with the recent hopes and dreams of some investors.” And Tom Buerkle of Breakingviews writes, “The big questions are yet to come. Powell is smart to want maximum flexibility to address them.”It shows the vehicle in Tempe, Ariz. didn’t try to swerve from a woman walking her bike across the street, the WSJ says. And the human behind the wheel was looking down for about 5 seconds before it hit her.More from Greg Bensinger and Tim Higgins of the WSJ:The stakes for Uber remain high, as Goldman Sachs analysts recently pointed out, since self-driving cars were part of its route to profits. And car insurers are watching closely, too.Elsewhere in Uber: The company withdrew an offer to make Assaf Ronen its new product head, after discovering he had left Amazon earlier than he said. Wall Street is fighting to get into Uber’s big debt deal.Elsewhere in tech: Tesla shareholders approved a $2.6 billion stock options grant to Elon Musk. The Senate passed a sex-trafficking bill opposed by some tech companies. And Dropbox raised its I.P.O. price range.The winning bid in the auction for the unit could amount to as much as $20 billion. Gaining brands such as Advil and Centrum multivitamins would be a big success for GlaxoSmithKline’s C.E.O. of nearly a year, Emma Walmlsey, who has favored a diverse product lineup.Reckitt Benckiser withdrew from the fray yesterday, with its C.E.O. saying, “An acquisition for the whole Pfizer consumer health business did not fit our acquisition criteria.”The deals flyaround• Meredith plans to sell Time, Sports Illustrated, Fortune and Money. (NYT)• Steve Wynn intends to sell some or all of his 12 percent stake in Wynn Resorts. (WSJ)• Matillion, a cloud data software maker, has raised $20 million in a new round from investors like Sapphire Ventures and Scale Venture Partners, the company tells us.• Elliott Management is reportedly considering backing a spinoff of Telecom Italia’s fixed-line network. (Bloomberg)• As others have fled, Sycamore Partners has dived profitably into traditional retail. (WSJ)Newly minted virtual currency moguls are worried about the I.R.S. as the April 17 tax deadline looms. Many are libertarians who don’t like having a central government, let alone paying taxes to one. Others are simply newbies who didn’t realize that you have to pay taxes on capital gains, even on digital money.More from Kevin Roose’s latest column:Elsewhere in crypto: Bitcoin is at $8,999. Some blockchains are better than others. And Britain has formed a task force to study cryptocurrencies.• Jimmy Iovine is formally stepping down as the head of Apple’s music division. (WSJ)• Twitter’s chief information security officer, Michael Coates, is leaving. (The Verge)• The Noble Group’s founder and chairman, Richard Elman, is retiring, leaving the commodity trader with a battered stock price and high amounts of debt. (WSJ)• Swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into the taxes of the French luxury group Kering, part of a case that started in Italy. (NYT)• Abu Dhabi is consolidating two of its leading sovereign wealth funds into a $200 billion vehicle. (FT)• What Bill Voge disclosed before his sudden departure as chair of Latham & Watkins: sexually explicit messages to a woman he approached on behalf of a Christian men’s group, and threats to her husband to have her thrown in jail. (Law360)• Gary Barber was fired from MGM after a disagreement over how to compete with Netflix, unnamed sources said. (WSJ)• Jamie Dimon earned 364 times as much as the median JPMorgan employee last year. (WSJ).We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Monday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Trump puts an end to Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm.• David Solomon is Goldman Sachs’s heir apparent.• Can Solomon get Goldman playing a new tune?• Apple agrees to buy Texture.• Short Netflix• Dropbox unveils its I.P.O. target.Get this in your inbox every morning. Sign up here.President Trump on Monday blocked Broadcom’s bid for the chip maker Qualcomm, citing national security concerns.In a presidential order, Mr. Trump said “there is credible evidence” that led him to believe Singapore-based Broadcom’s control of Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, “might take action that threatens to impair the national security of the United States.”The extraordinary action by the president underscored the more forceful and protectionist action his administration has taken in recent weeks to protect American companies and ward off foreign investment in the United States. It followed an intervention this month by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which typically works behind closed doors and reviews deals only after they are announced, to stall the deal because of national security concerns.From President Trump’s order:Further downMost C.E.O.s have to go to work each day and grind out better margins in highly competitive businesses that taxpayers won’t bail out if they blow up.This is now the fate that awaits the next C.E.O. of Goldman Sachs.In apparently priming David M. Solomon for the job, Goldman seems to be signaling that, even if trading revenue revives after some difficult quarters, it intends to press on with its efforts to bolster its nontrading businesses, like lending to corporations and consumers. Mr. Solomon, after a successful run as the head of Goldman’s powerful deal-making business, embodies in many ways the bank’s hopes to be far more than a high-octane trading shop.Of course, if the Trump administration guts Wall Street regulations, particularly the Volcker Rule, Goldman may be tempted to pile back into trading. But the bank’s recent track record in trading suggests that would not be a good idea.Not only does Goldman’s business that trades bonds, derivatives, currencies and commodities bounce around too much for shareholders’ tastes, it is opaque. Bank executives are often loath to talk in detail when it underperforms.Goldman also made strategic mistakes in this business in recent years. It focused too heavily on hedge fund clients, something it is trying to fix by reaching out to different types of customers. Its commodities business, which it clung to in the face of political pressure, has been a drawn out disappointment.And Wall Street traders ought not to get too excited about the prospects of deregulation. As some rules get loosened, others may get toughened up, like those that would liquidate a troubled Wall Street firm rather than bail it out. While the government may not be winding down any large banks anytime soon, the diminished likelihood of bailouts can force up the cost of borrowing for firms like Goldman. This, in turn, may steer them away from riskier businesses like trading.Investors still seem to doubt Goldman’s desire to adapt to a much more ordinary future. This is revealed in a comparison of Goldman and its rival, Morgan Stanley.Goldman’s return on shareholder equity, a closely watched metric that quantifies the profits generated on shareholders’ money, has been higher than that of Morgan Stanley in recent years. But investors seem just as enthusiastic about the future of Morgan Stanley. Its stock trades at the same multiple to shareholders equity as Goldman’s. Why? Morgan Stanley has arguably done more than Goldman to diversify away from trading to businesses, like wealth management, that are more stable.— Peter EavisDavid M. Solomon is Goldman Sachs’s heir apparent.The Wall Street firm said Mr. Solomon would serve as its sole president and chief operating officer, setting him up as the potential successor to Lloyd C. Blankfein, the investment bank’s longtime chief executive.ContextMr. Solomon and Harvey M. Schwartz were seen as the favorites to eventually replace Mr. Blankfein when they were named co-chief operating officers and presidents in December 2016.But, Mr. Schwartz, who previously served as the bank’s chief financial officer and global co-head of the securities division, has decided to retire in April, Goldman said on Monday.“Harvey has been a mentor to many, and his influence has made an indelible impact on generations of professionals at Goldman Sachs,” Mr. Blankfein said in a news release. “I want to thank Harvey for all he’s done for the firm.”Mr. Solomon joined Goldman Sachs in 1999 and previously served as co-head of its investment banking division.— Chad BrayCritic’s cornerAnthony Currie of Breakingviews writes: “If Solomon does take the reins, it would end some 12 years of traders holding top positions at the Wall Street firm – and serve as another sign of Goldman’s troubles in that business.”Case in point:• Trading accounted for 53 percent of Goldman’s revenue in 2012.• It made just over a third of the firm’s revenue last year.“Meanwhile, takings from merger advisory and stock-and-bond underwriting – Solomon’s world – increased by half over the past six years. So positioning him as likely heir would look like a way of rewarding past success.”Goldman’s reputation for advising companies in mergers and acquisitions is well earned. Most years, it tops the rankings of advisers by deal volume known as the league tables.So it was a bit surprising to see Goldman currently ranked fifth on both the global and the United States league tables. Here’s a look:Global Morgan Stanley: $228.88 billionJPMorgan: $198.82 billionBank of America Merrill Lynch: $138.76 billionLazard: $134.39 billionGoldman Sachs: $131.56 billionUnited StatesMorgan Stanley: $132.36 billionLazard: $119.69 billionJPMorgan: $114.37 billionCenterview: $112.75 billionGoldman Sachs: $102.54 billionTwo points to note: 1) It is still early in the year and one big deal can reshuffle the rankings; 2) The value of transactions Goldman has advised on this year is up 31 percent from the same period a year ago.Larry Kudlow emerged Monday as the latest favorite in a changing rotation of potential replacements for Gary D. Cohn as the head the National Economic Council.The job has not been formally offered to Mr. Kudlow, but the CNBC television commentator, who has informally advised President Trump on economic issues, is likely to interview him in the coming days.ContextFrom the NYT’s Maggie Haberman and Jim Tankersley: In a revised prospectus filed this morning, the online storage company said that it planned to sell 36 million shares at $16 to $18 a share. At the midpoint of that range, Dropbox would be valued at about $7.5 billion, compared to the $10 billion of its most recent private fund-raising.The big thought: The Dropbox offering — along with that of Spotify — could show how interested Wall Street investors are in the latest batch of Silicon Valley “unicorns,” or privately held companies worth at least $1 billion.The man who made Dropbox: Meet Drew Houston, who created a multibillion-dollar business because he forgot to bring a USB flash drive one day while a student at M.I.T. His holdings could be worth nearly $1.7 billionThe market for initial public offerings is on a tear, and, going by Dropbox’s latest financial filing, it may be getting a little overheated.Dropbox, a company that stores files on remote computers for consumers and businesses, on Monday said it aims to price its shares at between $16 and $18.The midpoint of those two prices would value Dropbox at around $6.8 billion, excluding some shares that may be awarded to executives in the future.That’s a lot, though about 30 percent below the $10 billion valuation it received after its fundraising round in 2014.At $6.8 billion, Dropbox would be trading at just over six times the $1.1 billion in sales it had for 2017. Companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index trade at 2.3 times sales. Dropbox would also have a higher valuation than Box, another file storage company, whose market value is 5.6 times the revenue it generated in its last fiscal year, which ended in January.Investors may, however, decide that Dropbox’s higher valuation is not justified. True, its sales grew at an impressive 31 percent last year, but that is not materially faster than the 27 percent Box achieved in its latest fiscal year. (Revenue grew 6.3 percent at companies in the S.&P. 500, according to FactSet.)Neither company made a profit in their most recent fiscal year. Both are generating positive cash flows, though. And at $330 million last year, Dropbox’s cash flows were more than five times those of Box’s $62 million. If Dropbox went public at the $6.8 billion implied in Monday’s filing, it would trade at 21 times its 2017 cash flows. That is pricey, but that is less than half of Box’s cash flow multiple.— Peter EavisSpeculation has long swirled that Apple should buy Netflix. On Monday, the iPhone maker agreed to buy Texture, the “Netflix of magazines.”The digital magazine app offers users a $10 a month subscription to read more than 200 magazines, including People, the New Yorker, Vanity Fair, and Vogue.The deal is part of Apple’s effort to bolster its services businesses. The WSJ reports:The Texture transaction follows Apple’s deal for Shazam, the music recognition app, in December.Texture is owned by Next Issue Media, a joint-venture between Condé Nast, Hearst, Meredith, News Corp, Rogers Media and K.K.R.Apple did not disclose the price.Shares of the video streaming company are down 3.4 percent Monday to about $320 after the short seller Andrew Left of Citron Research tweeted that he thinks the stock can be ”shorted back to $300.”Shares of Netflix close Friday at $331.44, up nearly 14 percent for March.From the outside, the Saudi businessmen (including Prince Alwaleed bin Talal) who were corralled into Riyadh’s Ritz-Carlton — in what Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman described as an anticorruption campaign — seemed to be in a gilded cage.The reality was far more disturbing. Many were physically abused and one captive was killed, witnesses told the NYT. The Saudi government extracted billions of dollars of assets from detainees to set them free.More from Ben Hubbard, David Kirkpatrick, Kate Kelly and Mark Mazzetti of the NYT:The net effect: Many outside investors, whom Saudi officials have hoped to woo to help transform the kingdom’s economy, are now rattled by what they say was a lack of transparency.Of note: The roles of the accounting company PWC and the law firm Clifford Chance in the Saudi government’s takeover of MBC, a broadcaster.Elsewhere in the kingdom: Aramco is more likely to go public next year than late this year as originally expected, Michael reported yesterday. Among the issues is that much of the work in pulling off the biggest I.P.O. in history has yet to be finished.Students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School took out a full-page ad in the NYT over the weekend to thank businesses “who acted on their consciences and took positive steps for change” after the school shooting in Parkland, Fla. Among the companies thanked: BlackRock, Bumble, Delta, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Gucci, Kroger, REI and Walmart.The students are looking for GoFundMe donations for their March For Our Lives on March 24 in Washington.Lots of big businesses weren’t mentioned. Let us know if your company is changing its policies or donating to the march.History hasn’t been kind to those who seek victory in trade conflicts, though it remains unclear whether President Trump’s tariffs will play out the same way.Farmers in the Midwest are fearful of a tit-for-tat response that could lose them customers. And investors are watching to see whether a full-blown global trade conflict will erupt.The politics flyaround • Mr. Trump’s unpredictability has helped cast China as  a more stable superpower. And changes to the Chinese Constitution that allow President Xi Jinping to govern indefinitely could usher him into a global club of autocrats alongside leaders like Lee Kuan Yew of Singapore and Vladimir Putin of Russia.• Business are scrambling to address errors and ambiguities in the U.S. tax overhaul. (NYT)• Chris Liddell, a White House official and a former executive at Microsoft and G.M., is a front-runner to succeed Gary Cohn as the administration’s top economic adviser. (NYT)• The White House has held discussions with a lawyer who represented Bill Clinton during his impeachment to help deal with Robert Mueller’s investigation. (NYT)• The Trump Organization’s outside ethics adviser has raised questions about a potential hotel deal between the company and Kushner Companies. (NYT)• Elon Musk outlined what the first colony on Mars would look like. TL;DR: It wouldn’t just be an escape for the wealthy, but “an explosion of entrepreneurial opportunity.” (Axios)• Jeff Bezos said that he was using his “Amazon lottery winnings” to make space travel more affordable. (Bloomberg)By the time he was essentially forced out of the ride-hailing giant, Mr. Kalanick had annoyed many onetime allies among the company’s senior executives and outside investors, according to Business Insider. Among them: Salle Yoo, Uber’s longtime top lawyer, and Rachel Whetstone, the company’s communications head, who have both since left the company.And then there was Bill Gurley of the investment firm Benchmark. According to the article:Elsewhere in Uber: How the company can still create its own reality distortion field for investors. How it plans to expand Uber Eats. Oh, and its brand chief, Bozoma St. John, has quietly been driving for Uber Pool.The virtual currency corner:  Bitcoin is at $9,882.73. Some investors are using the virtual currency as an indicator of when the stock market will drop. Some exchanges are reportedly charging up to $1 million for the listing of initial coin offerings on their platforms. And scammers made off with more than $2 million in digital money with a fake I.C.O.The tech flyaround • SoftBank is bringing together its Vision Fund and Fortress Investment to create an investing powerhouse. (NYT)• Tim Berners-Lee, inventor of the World Wide Web, says internet giants need to be regulated. (Axios)• Senator Mark Warner, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he is worried about the security of internet-connected devices. (CNBC)• Some former employees of Google say the company is going too far in its diversity efforts — others say it’s not going far enough. (NYT)Employees in restaurants and bars face a daily struggle to balance abuse from customers with the need to earn tips, according to dozens of servers who spoke with the NYT.Workers’ advocates are pushing a dozen states and the District of Columbia to change laws allowing restaurants to pay less than the minimum wage, which makes earning tips a necessity.Please tell us your experiences with tipping, too.The misconduct flyaround• The U2 frontman Bono apologized after a charity he helped found was accused of fostering an atmosphere of bullying, abuse and, in one case, attempted sexual coercion in its Johannesburg operation. (NYT)• Read the harassment policies of venture capital firms like Andreessen Horowitz, DFJ and Spark Capital, some of which promise to fire employees who violate the rules (even if that hasn’t always happened). (Recode)• Andrew Liveris will step down as executive chairman of DowDuPont next month. Jim Fitterling, a lieutenant to Mr. Liveris, will take over the Dow materials science business after DowDuPont splits up. (WSJ)— Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs, on the WSJ reporting that he could step down as C.E.O. as soon as year end.• “Westworld” exists. HBO created an entire theme park based on the show for the film festival SXSW in Austin, Tex. (Business Insider)• Insurers shuffle their customers among privately managed plans to bolster their federal bonus payments. (WSJ)• The New York approach to running magazines may have run its course, making the approach of Des Moines-based Meredith Corporation look prescient. (NYT)• Here’s how a French company pushed the limits in war-torn Syria. (NYT)• Top executives at Deutsche Bank will forgo bonuses for a third consecutive year after another loss. (WSJ)• An anticorruption group has called on the British authorities to investigate Royal Bank of Scotland and Standard Chartered over claims the banks handled more than $2 billion of allegedly embezzled funds from 1MDB, a Malaysian state investment fund. (FT)• Global accounting watchdogs identified serious problems at about 40 percent of the audits they inspected last year. (FT)• Big multinationals are paying significantly lower tax rates than before the 2008 financial crisis. (FT)• Blackstone has turned India into its most profitable market. (Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Wells Fargo’s C.E.O. gets a pay raise.• Peter Thiel discusses trade.• Theranos’s fall is nearly complete.• Why John Skipper left ESPN abruptly.• Alibaba is exploring a China listing.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.There will be no roadshow. No ringing of the bell. No party or C.E.O interview from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.Spotify, the streaming music service, is eschewing the traditional initial public offering for a direct listing and is taking its pitch directly to retail investors, streaming its presentation on its website Thursday.Here are a few takeaways:Why a direct listing? The post-I.P.O. lockup period, during which employees can’t sell shares. “We have allowed shareholders and employees to buy and sell stock for years,” said Daniel Ek, Spotify’s C.E.O.and founder, said. “That shouldn’t stop just because our stock is more widely owned.”The company is also well capitalized with positive free cash flow and no debt.Room to Grow? The number of smartphone users to continues to grow but Spotify said it only reaches a small portion within the countries it operates. The company is also working with auto makers to integrate its platform with cars, where more than 30 percent of music listening happens.Apple and Amazon are a big risk to Spotify’s business? Tech giants like Apple, Amazon and Google each have their own streaming music services. Spotify’s service is delivered over Apple’s iPhone and Amazon’s Echo. Those companies could prioritize their own services on their devices.What is the next date to watch? March 26. That’s the date when Spotify will release first-quarter results and 2018 guidance.What is “algotorial?” It’s the term that Spotify’s head of research and development used to describe the mix of algorithms and humans that Spotify uses to curate its music.Regulators recently penalized Wells Fargo for years of misconduct, but on Wednesday, the bank gave its C.E.O. a hearty pay rise. How did that happen?The numbers: Timothy J. Sloan’s compensation for 2017 totaled $17.6 million, a 35 percent increase from the $13 million he earned in 2016. His stock award for 2017 was $15 million, a big jump from $10.5 million in 2016.Is the increase justified, given the bank’s issues? Wells Fargo would no doubt point to the fact that Mr. Sloan decided to forgo a cash bonus in 2017. John G. Stumpf, a former C.E.O., got a $4 million cash bonus in 2015, for instance. Also, Mr. Sloan’s stock award was set in February last year and reflects his promotion in 2016 to C.E.O. And if Wells Fargo slips up badly over the next three years, Mr. Sloan may not get the entire $15 million stock award.How does Mr. Sloan’s pay stack up against others? He is making less than the C.E.O. of Bank of America, Brian T. Moynihan, who made $21.8 million last year. But Mr. Sloan is making quite a bit more than the chief executives of large regional banks. US Bank’s chief executive, Andrew Cecere, had 2017 compensation of $12 million.But Mr. Sloan looks overpaid on a new metric that public companies must provide. This yardstick compares a C.E.O.’s pay with that of the median employee’s pay. Mr. Sloan’s 2017 pay was 291 times that of Wells Fargo’s median earner. That is above the 250 times for Mr. Moynihan. And Mr. Sloan’s ratio is far in excess of Mr. Cecere’s 205 times.— Peter EavisOne of President Trump’s most prominent supporters in the business world on Thursday said the United States would have the upper hand against China in a trade skirmish.Peter Thiel, a technology entrepreneur with libertarian leanings, told the Economic Club of New York that the United States doesn’t export enough to China to make it vulnerable to Chinese retaliation. If Mr. Trump imposed trade restrictions on Chinese goods, as he may in the coming weeks, China could do the same to United States exports. Mr. Thiel seemed unfazed by that. “It’s quite unclear where China can reciprocate because we are exporting so little,” he said.Mr. Thiel’s views echo those of Mr. Trump.The American exports to China are not small. They totaled $184 billion in the 12 months through the end of September 2017. That makes China the United States’ fourth-largest export market after the European Union, Canada and Mexico. The United States, however, imports far more from China than it exports, which means the deficit with China is far larger than it is with Mexico and the European Union.- Peter EavisThe blood-testing start-up was once one of Silicon Valley’s most lauded unicorns. But, the S.E.C. says, it deceived investors about what its tech could do and how much business it did. And its founder Elizabeth Holmes — a Stanford dropout who was compared favorably to Steve Jobs — has been stripped of her C.E.O. title and her shares.More from John Carreyrou of the WSJ, who first reported on issues at Theranos:Matt Levine of Bloomberg View reminds us about the company’s other victims: patients.Peter Henning’s take: The S.E.C.’s case shows that it considers privately held companies as capable of defrauding investors as publicly traded ones.Elsewhere in S.E.C. violations: The agency charged a former Equifax executive with insider trading, saying he sold shares after learning of the company’s data breach before it was publicly reported.It’s official: The CNBC commentator will become President Trump’s chief economic adviser, replacing Gary Cohn. But what will Mr. Kudlow — who on TV is an ardent supporter of free trade — push for?He supports a strong dollar and tariffs that make exceptions for allies like Canada and Mexico. And he’s in favor of permanently extending the Republican tax cuts for individuals.As for his stance on China, here’s what he told CNBC:One thing to watch for: whether his past admission of substance abuse would affect his work. “We’ll see how that plays out,” Mr. Kudlow said.Critics’ corner: Mark Hamrick, Bankrate.com’s senior economic analyst, writes, “It remains to be seen whether Kudlow can step into the role of a virtual moderating influence in this administration.” And Noah Smith of Bloomberg View asserts, “It also seems like there are just so few credible economic thinkers willing to stand up and sign their name to the Trump economic agenda.”Elsewhere in economic policy: U.S. companies have few ways around the proposed metals tariffs. And U.S. allies might emphasize their toughness against China to win tariff exemptions.Mr. Kudlow has prognosticated on many economic and political issues, often in a way that mirrors his future boss. His predictions, which will soon carry new weight as the president’s top economic adviser, have not always been on the mark.Our colleagues Deborah Solomon and Kitty Bennett take a look at some of Mr. Kudlow’s not-so-on-the-money calls. Here are a few of the ones they found:In 2005(Well, we all know what happened. By 2008, home prices were in a free-fall, threatening to plunge the financial system and the economy into the abyss.)In 1993(The period between 1990 and 1999 was the longest bull market in history. The S&P 500 more than tripled during that time.)In 2015(President Trump was elected and the stock market has only climbed. )• How Steve Schwarzman of Blackstone became a close adviser to President Trump on China — but lost the tariff battle. (WaPo)• After Rex Tillerson’s firing, Washington is wondering if H.R. McMaster, John Kelly or Jeff Sessions might go next. And allies are hoping that the cabinet reshuffle will clarify American foreign policy.• Moving from the C suite to Washington is tougher than it looks. (WSJ)• The Democrat Conor Lamb narrowly won a special House election in southwestern Pennsylvania, an area that Mr. Trump carried handily in 2016. (NYT)• The administration is considering Randy Quarles, the Fed’s vice chairman for supervision, as the next head of the Financial Stability Board, unnamed sources say. (FT)• Mr. Trump has discussed including protections for Dreamers in a spending bill. (WSJ)• A Trump Organization lawyer was involved in an arbitration proceeding involving Stormy Daniels, according to documents. (WSJ)• Jeff Sessions is considering whether to fire the former F.B.I. deputy director Andrew G. McCabe days before he would retire, unnamed sources say. (NYT)An extortion plot related to his cocaine addiction.Mr. Skipper told The Hollywood Reporter:The WSJ reports that the Chinese online shopping giant is working on a plan to list shares in its home market. Such a listing would come nearly four years after Alibaba went public on the New York Stock Exchange, in what is the still the world’s largest initial public offering.Details• A secondary listing could happen as soon as this summer, The WSJ reports.• China’s security regulators would have to change rules that bar foreign companies from listing in the country. Alibaba is incorporated in the Cayman Islands.• China also doesn’t allow companies with dual-class share structure to list in the country.ContextAlibaba’s plans come as “Chinese authorities are trying to lure some of the country’s technology stalwarts back to its capital markets,” The WSJ reports. Alibaba’s stock has jumped nearly 200 percent since it went public in 2014, gains that most Chinese investors have missed out on.Shares of Alibaba are up 3.1 percent Thursday.Christian Bittar, a former senior trader at Deutsche Bank, pleaded guilty earlier this month to conspiracy to defraud in the manipulation of a global benchmark interest rate known as Euribor, the Serious Fraud Office said on Thursday.A court in Britain lifted an order on Thursday that prevented the media from reporting his plea.“It would not be right to make comment prior to the trial of the remaining defendants and prior to Mr. Bittar’s sentencing,” David Savell, a lawyer for Mr. Bittar, said.Deutsche Bank agreed to pay $2.5 billion in penalties in 2015 related to the benchmark interest rate rigging scandal.A trial of five other traders is set for next month.- Chad BrayThe Senate, in a rare show of bipartisanship, voted 67-31 to relax regulations on small to medium-sized banks. What the bill includes:• Raising the threshold for “systemically important” banks to $250 billion in assets, up from $50 billion• Exempting firms with less than $10 billion in assets from the Volcker ruleBut the House may want a more aggressive version that would curtail the power of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. That could endanger the proposed overhaul, with the analyst Brian Gardner telling the NYT, “If the House overreaches in its effort to amend the Crapo bill, it could slow down the bill’s progress.”Elsewhere in banking: Why another Bear Stearns-like collapse isn’t likely, but another crisis is.The 70-year-old company’s plans to close or sell its stores in the U.S. and Britain show how hard life has become for bricks-and-mortar retailers. The collapse could put over 30,000 U.S. jobs at risk.More on what happened from Michael Corkery of the NYT:Speaking of Amazon: The company has become shorthand for “disruption” across industries.The current generation of Silicon Valley giants started out with an ethos of revolution first, fixes afterward. (Remember Facebook’s “move fast and break things” motto?) But Facebook, Google and others are becoming more bureaucratic, according to our columnist Kevin Roose — and that’s a good thing.Among the latest signs of change in their attitudes:• Facebook’s taking down accounts related to Britain First, a far-right group accused of inciting anti-Muslim hatred, and talking about the limits on its commitment to being an open platform.• YouTube plans to put info from Wikipedia alongside conspiracy videos (even if it didn’t tell the Wikimedia Foundation).The tech flyaround• Siri made its debut before it was ready, former Apple executives assert, and internal struggles at the iPhone maker have left its voice assistant behind Amazon’s Alexa and the Google Assistant. (The Information)• As President Trump toughens his trade stance, the European Union is increasing scrutiny of U.S. tech companies. (WSJ)• Dropbox expects its gross margins to eventually exceed 76 percent, it told potential investors at its I.P.O. roadshow. (CNBC)• Lyft will work with the auto supplier Magna International on self-driving car systems. (NYT)• Bitcoin is losing its buzz. (Bloomberg)• Spotify has struggled to turn a profit: Revenue is up, but so are royalties and other costs. (FT)• Antitrust regulators in Japan raided Amazon’s offices. (FT)• The Air Force has split $640 million in satellite-launch contracts between SpaceX and a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. (WSJ)The signs that the hip eyewear emporium is heading toward a public market listing (timing T.B.D.):• It raised $75 million at a valuation of about $1.75 billion in a new round led by T. Rowe Price, which has invested before but is known for putting money in at the pre-I.P.O. stage.• It has added Prof. Youngme Moon of Harvard Business School as an outside director.• It expects 2018 to be its first year of profitability.What Neil Blumenthal, a Warby Parker co-founder, told Michael:The deals flyaround• Parachute Health, which makes software for ordering medical equipment, has raised $5.5 million from a group of investors, including Greater New York Hospital Association Ventures and Loeb Holding.• iHeartMedia finally filed for bankruptcy protection after reaching a deal with creditors to reorganize its $20 billion debt. (WSJ)• Disney is restructuring to accommodate the assets it expects to acquire from 21st Century Fox. (NYT)• Airbus said it would be nearly impossible to work with Melrose Industries if it succeeded in a hostile bid for British engineering firm GKN. (FT)• Atlantia and ACS are buying Abertis of Spain together. (FT)• SJW Group is reportedly in talks to buy Connecticut Water Service, creating America’s third largest publicly traded water provider. (WSJ)• First Cobalt of Canada has agreed to combine with U.S. Cobalt; electric car batteries are raising demand for the metal. (FT)• Nordic Capital is buying the Scandinavian payment firm Trustly, valuing it at about $867 million. (FT)• Credit Karma is buying Penny, an instant-message bot. (Recode)• Société Générale’s deputy C.E.O., Didier Valet, has stepped down as the U.S. investigates what role the bank had in Libor manipulation. (FT)• The investor Josh Elman is joining the stock-trading app Robinhood as chief product officer. He will remain a partner at Greylock. (TechCrunch)• More stock trades are taking place in the last minutes of trading each day than ever before. (WSJ)• Unilever will make Rotterdam in the Netherlands its sole headquarters; the other one was in London. (NYT)• How C.E.O.s manage under pressure. (FT)• Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is closing its European hedge fund. (Bloomberg)• CNN is moving Chris Cuomo to evening from morning to shore up its prime-time programming. (NYT)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Theranos shows private companies can be held to account t.oo• Was Bear a bad deal for JPMorgan?• The failed Qualcomm bid portends a new front in potential global trade wars.• How Boeing has the most to lose from the metals tariffs.• Bear Stearns was a decade ago. Could it happen again?• And R.I.P. Stephen Hawking.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.The Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday charged Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of Theranos, with fraud for raising money from investors on the back of false claims about the company’s blood-testing technology. One of Theranos’s main products, called a miniLab, could not perform all the tests the company said it could, the commission asserted. That, according to the complaint, didn’t stop Theranos from claiming that it had a bright future ahead.Here are some of the things the commission says Theranos, a private company, did to pull the wool over investors’ eyes.It allegedly performed tests on non-Theranos equipment without telling representatives of a pharmacy company that was poised to invest money in the company.Theranos allegedly distributed fake reports by pharmaceutical companies.Theranos allegedly made misleading statements about its work with the United States Department of Defense.Ms. Holmes allegedly told an investor Theranos expected to expand quickly in the stores of a pharmacy chain, but the likelihood of such an expansion was small.The Food and Drug Administration communicated to Theranos that its approval would be needed, but Ms. Holmes allegedly told investors afterward that F.D.A. approval was merely voluntary.Ms. Holmes allegedly gave investors fake financial results.— Peter EavisThere is an old adage that if it sounds too good to be true, it isn’t. The case filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Theranos and Elizabeth Holmes describes a litany of falsehoods about a claimed revolutionary method to conduct blood tests that turned out to be pure fiction.Ms. Holmes and the company settled the case, although the former president, Ramesh “Sunny” Balwani, is fighting the charges. She will pay a $500,000 penalty, return her shares in Theranos, and agreed to a ban on serving as an officer or director of a public company for 10 years.What makes this case interesting is that Theranos was one of the original unicorns, a private company with a value of more than $1 billion. We usually see the S.E.C. pursue charges against public companies and their executives, while private firms operate largely free from scrutiny – at least until they prepare for an I.P.O.The antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws, however, apply to any transaction in a security in which there is a misstatement of material fact. Thus, when Theranos raised millions of dollars by selling shares to hedge funds and venture capitalists, the false claims about the viability of its blood-testing labs ended up being a scheme to defraud.For Ms. Holmes, the settlement means that she will be cut off from raising money for any new venture for a long time. The complaint shows a systemic effort to deceive investors over a number of years, no doubt in a desperate hope that somehow the technology could be made to work. It is unlikely anyone in Silicon Valley or on Wall Street will trust her again.— Peter J. HenningMr. Kudlow, in an interview with The Wall Street Journal, said that Mr. Trump offered him the job as director of the National Economic Council and that he immediately accepted. Mr. Kudlow told The Journal that an announcement could come as early as Thursday.ReactionMark Hamrick, Bankrate.com’s senior economic analyst:Ten year’s ago almost to the day, JPMorgan Chase acquired Bear Stearns, a troubled investment bank, for what looked like a steal. But Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan’s C.E.O., has since said he wouldn’t do a deal like it again, citing the high legal costs that came later.But was buying Bear Stearns as bad a deal as Mr. Dimon suggests?While we don’t have all the numbers necessary for a full accounting, there is much in the public domain that can help answer this question. And this information suggests that, while the Bear Stearns acquisition probably wasn’t as profitable as expected in March 2008, JPMorgan may still have benefited from it — even after taking into account the legal expenses.What caused the legal costs and how big were they? The payouts were made mostly to settle allegations that Wall Street firms had stuffed loans into mortgage-backed bonds that did not meet agreed upon standards. How big were those costs? In his 2015 letter to shareholders, Mr. Dimon said that some 70 percent of JPMorgan’s nearly $19 billion in mortgage-related legal costs were related to Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual, the thrift JPMorgan also bought during the crisis. For the sake of argument, let’s assume that 35 percent of that $19 billion stemmed from Bear Stearns’ mortgages. The cost to JPMorgan then would be around $6.7 billion.That’s a lot, but when JPMorgan did the deal, it agreed to terms that gave it a lot of financial protection against nasty surprises like this.JPMorgan paid $1.5 billion for Bear Stearns, far below the $11.8 billion of shareholders’ equity that Bear Stearns reported on its balance sheet at the end of 2007. This wide margin for error would have helped the bank absorb the $6 billion of merger-related costs that executives anticipated in March 2008.True, JPMorgan almost certainly ended up marking down Bear Stearns’ riskier assets by more than expected in the months after the deal, when market conditions got even worse. But many of these assets could have recovered in the next few years as the financial system stabilized. After 2008, “principal transactions” at JPMorgan’s investment bank, the business line that included the performance of many of Bear Stearns’ assets, produced over $8 billion of annual revenue, far more than the $4.4 billion that JPMorgan on its own generated in 2007.Let’s also not forget that the Federal Reserve took a large slug of the risk in the deal. The Fed made an extraordinary loan to a special entity that bought some $30 billion of Bear Stearns’ assets. According to Kate Kelly’s book on Bear Stearns’ final days, JPMorgan was reluctant to buy Bear Stearns without assistance from the Fed. JPMorgan did provide a $1.2 billion loan to the Fed’s entity, in theory exposing it to some losses on the assets. But in the end, that loan generated a $665 million gain for JPMorgan in 2012.The Bear Stearns deal also came with some straightforward positives. JPMorgan, for instance, got Bear Stearns’ leading prime brokerage unit, a business that provided brokerage services to hedge funds. That and other Bear Stearns operations were expected to add at least $1 billion a year to JPMorgan earnings, the bank’s executives said at the time.And, of course, JPMorgan scooped up Bear Stearns’ trophy tower in Midtown Manhattan. At the time of the deal, the building, at 383 Madison Ave., had an estimated value of $1.2 billion. According to the estimates of developers in the New York real estate market, the building is now worth at least $1.8 billion.-- Peter Eavis with reporting from Charles V. Bagli.Jun Ying, the former chief information officer of Equifax’s core United States consumer reporting division, was charged on Wednesday with insider trading for selling nearly $1 million in company stock after he learned about a major data breach in 2017 but before it was publicly announced.CybertrailsThe commission’s complaint against Mr. Ying describes a step he took to estimate what he might lose on his Equifax stock. He took to the internet to find out what had happened to the shares of Experian, a rival credit bureau, after it revealed that hackers had breached its system.— Peter EavisWhen he killed Broadcom’s pursuit of Qualcomm, President Trump put his administration in uncharted territory. The White House has made no secret of its concerns about Beijing, and seems to have been motivated by the prospect of Qualcomm losing its lead in 5G.Some now worry that this could be another front in a potential global trade war. Here’s Jason Furman, a senior economic adviser in the Obama White House, talking to the NYT:Of note: Qualcomm spent far more than Broadcom on lobbying.Broadcom officially withdrew its bid this morning.What’s next for Qualcomm: The chip maker’s Hail Mary — petitioning the government for a national-security review of Broadcom’s bid — paid off handsomely. But now it has to show investors that it can fix its business.Peter Eavis’s take: National champions have to deliver. Will Qualcomm become less efficient under the government’s protection? If so, U.S. tax payers may feel taken advantage of.Elsewhere in semiconductors: The industry largely ignored a short seller’s report on purported security flaws in AMD chips. (Axios)President Trump announced his metals tariffs to protect American makers of aluminum and steel. But that could put Boeing in the firing line — America’s top exporter, which employs nearly as many people as the U.S. steel and aluminum industries combined.More from Natalie Kitroeff of the NYT:And Mr. Trump’s attacks on Chinese metal production are in some ways a relic of past trade battles, as Beijing moves away from basic commodities.Elsewhere in trade: Marco Rubio argues in an NYT Op-Ed that the U.S. should take measures more targeted than the tariffs to punish China for unfair trade practices. And our columnist Eduardo Porter explains the ways countries — and companies like Ford — have gamed other tariffs.The politics flyaround• With Mike Pompeo due to replace Rex Tillerson at the State Department, the future of the Iran nuclear deal is in doubt, and renewed sanctions are more likely. (NYT)• The Democrat Conor Lamb has taken a small lead in the congressional special election in Pennsylvania; here’s the NYT vote tracker.• Elizabeth Warren’s attacks on fellow Democrats who support a loosening of Dodd-Frank regulations are annoying Chuck Schumer and Heidi Heitkamp.• The Republican leader of the House Intelligence Committee’s inquiry into Russian electoral meddling softened his committee’s conclusion that Russia did not work to undermine Hillary Clinton. Representative Trey Gowdy said it had.Today is the 10-year anniversary of the investment bank, on the verge of bankruptcy, seeking a lifeline from JPMorgan Chase. These days, however, there’s little appetite for an extraordinary government-assisted of a bailout of a troubled financial firm — and post-crisis regulations are meant to eliminate the need for one.Here’s what Rodge Cohen, Wall Street’s longtime favorite consigliere, told Justin Baer and Ryan Tracy of the WSJ:The problem: Wall Street’s new defenses haven’t been tested. And today’s algorithm-dominated markets give embattled firms far less time to work out their problems, as the WSJ points out.More trivia: Yesterday was the 10-year anniversary of David Solomon of Goldman Sachs contacting his former firm to offer help. Mr. Solomon is now the heir apparent at Goldman.The badA deregulation-minded businessman in the White House was supposed to be a huge positive for the M. & A. community. Yet investment banks have already lost out on some big advisory fees. And then consider:• The blocking of the Qualcomm bid has raised uncertainty over cross-border acquisitions.• The battle between the Justice Department and AT&T over the $85.4 billion takeover of Time Warner is heating up, with the first day of the trial set for Monday.As Matt Levine writes in Bloomberg View, “One area where Donald Trump is more economically populist than I had expected is: He really does seem interested in blocking big mergers.”The goodAnnounced deals so far this year are up 55 percent from the same time a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters. And the Republican tax overhaul has led other deal makers to feel better about opening their wallets. A survey of 500 U.S. companies by EY found that 42 percent of respondents intended to use their tax savings on M.&A., and 73 percent said that they planned to accelerate their deal strategies this year.“At the end of the day, tax is not a driver of M. & A., but it certainly is a key element,” Bill Casey, EY’s Americas vice chair of transaction advisory services, told Michael.• China’s sovereign wealth fund has sold out of Blackstone, severing a longstanding relationship as tensions rise between the U.S. and China. (NYT)• Elliott Management will use Prosperity Life, which it bought for just over $500 million, to strike more life insurance deals. (FT)• Two months after Jared Kushner joined the White House, Kushner Companies sold a stake in a Brooklyn building to a company controlled by the Japanese government. (Bloomberg)• Bill Ackman sold about $125 million worth of ADP shares as its stock rose. (Bloomberg)• Prince Alwaleed bin Talal sold his stake in the Four Seasons hotel in Damascus to a businessman linked to President Bashar al-Assad, unnamed sources said. (FT)• The Finnish government has acquired a stake in Nokia. (FT)• The real estate investment trust SL Green has been selling real estate assets into the private market at high values and using the proceeds to buy back its own shares at a discount. (WSJ)• HNA Group is selling its 25 percent stake in Hilton Grand Vacations. (Bloomberg)• K.K.R. is considering a sale or an I.P.O. for Cognita schools, which could be valued at about $2.8 billion, according to unnamed sources. (Bloomberg)The ad giant has joined Facebook in restricting ads for virtual currencies. (Together the two companies account for most internet advertising.)One problem: “crypto-jacking,” in which scammers steal the computing power of those who view their ads and use it to mine digital money. Google removed 130 million such ads last year.Elsewhere in virtual currencies: Blythe Masters of Digital Asset Holdings is disappointed that gender diversity in the sector is even worse than in banking (she used to be at JPMorgan). And Coinbase has a Barclays bank account, which will simplify things for British customers.The tech flyaround• U.N. human rights experts investigating the possible genocide in Myanmar said that hate speech had spread on Facebook there. The investor Roger McNamee, a Facebook shareholder, accused Mark Zuckerberg of being insincere about fighting misinformation.• YouTube is trying to combat misinformation by linking to Wikipedia pages and other “fact-based websites” on videos that promote conspiracy theories. Its announcement drew criticism.• Amazon is recalling about 260,000 AmazonBasics battery packs because of potential fire and chemical burn risks. (WSJ)• Walmart promises delivery groceries in 100 cities this year, using companies like Uber and Deliv. (WSJ)• Companies that use A.I. are trying to set ethical standards, but skeptics say they’re just trying to pre-empt regulation. (WSJ)• How Walmart and Google are challenging Amazon’s Audible. (Bloomberg)• G.M. is planning a pilot program letting car owners rent out their vehicles, unnamed sources said. (Bloomberg)• The architect Richard Meier has taken a six-month work leave after the NYT contacted him about accusations of sexual misconduct by five women. (NYT)• Producers of “The Crown” conceded that Claire Foy, its Queen Elizabeth II, was paid less than Matt Smith, playing her husband. (NYT)• Anti-harassment training videos are a booming business. (Bloomberg)• Andrew Witty, the former GlaxoSmithKline C.E.O., will head UnitedHealth’s Optum division, which focuses on pharmacy benefit management. (FT)• Susan Repo, Tesla’s corporate treasurer and V.P. of finance, has left to become C.F.O. at another company, an unnamed source said. (Bloomberg)• Remington Outdoor, the gun maker that Cerberus spent more than a decade building into an industry giant, is planning to file for bankruptcy protection as early as March 18. (WSJ)• Dick’s Sporting Goods said its stance on guns had hurt sales, but it faces other threats.• Former staffers for The Onion, which once published “Elon Musk Offering $1.2 Billion in Grants to Any Project That Promises to Make Him Feel Complete,” are working on a secret project financed by Mr. Musk. (The Daily Beast)• A commodity investor backed by a Russian billionaire is stockpiling cobalt. (Bloomberg)• The political compromise that kept Angela Merkel in power could end Germany’s boom. (NYT)• Britain’s M. & A. watchdog is celebrating its 50th birthday. (Bloomberg)• More than half the fresh fruit and almost a third of the fresh vegetables Americans buy now come from other countries. (NYT)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Memo to Qualcomm: National champions have to deliver.• How companies are planning on spending their tax savings.• Behind President Trump’s extraordinary block of Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm.• Meet Larry Page’s flying taxi start-up.• And what lies ahead for Goldman Sachs’s presumptive heir.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.President Trump has stepped in to protect Qualcomm from Broadcom, a foreign company that wanted to buy the San Diego-based chip maker. Rather than let market forces decide what should happen in the chip industry, the administration intervened because it had concerns about national security. One of the government's main worries, laid out in a March 5 letter, was that Broadcom would reduce Qualcomm’s spending on research and development, causing Qualcomm to lose ground in the race to develop important new technologies like 5G, which is designed to make wireless networks faster and more reliable. Chinese companies may gain an advantage in 5G, for instance.Qualcomm does spend a lot on research and development. In its last fiscal year, the company’s $5.5 billion of research and development outlays were equivalent to 25 percent of its revenue. That was up from 21 percent on average in the preceding five years. According to Qualcomm executives, spending on 5G has driven the increase.The big question is what Qualcomm does now. Will the company become less efficient under the government’s protection? Will it be tempted to spend less on research and development? If that spending falls markedly as a percentage of revenue, United States taxpayers may have reason to feel taken advantage of.— Peter EavisThe Trump administration seems to have taken a more activist role in mergers and acquisitions than past administrations.On Monday, President Trump blocked Broadcom’s hostile bid for Qualcomm. The move came just over three months after President Trump’s Justice Department drew plenty of attention for suing to block AT&T’s acquisition of Time Warner.That’s roughly $200 billion worth of transactions.But the administration’s oppositions to M.&A. activity goes further, especially when it comes Chinese acquirers.Here’s a look at some of the other deals that ran into problems securing approval from the United States government:• In March, Changnong, a unit of Beijing Dabeinong Technology, scrapped plans to buy Waldo Farms after it failed to obtain United States government approval.• In September, the Trump administration blocks China’s Canyon Bridge Capital Partners’ $1.3 billion bid for Lattice Semiconductor over national security concerns.• In November, Cowen Group called off its deal for CEFC China Energy, a Chinese conglomerate with big investments in oil in Central Africa, to take a 20 percent stake in the New York boutique investment bank, blaming delays and “uncertainty” in securing Cfius approval.• In January, MoneyGram and Ant Financial, the Chinese electronic payments company, canceled their $1.2 billion deal after failing to win approval from a Washington panel that reviews foreign purchases of American companies.This approach to deals is a reversal from the stance of past administrations on deal making. Writes Matt Levine of Bloomberg Views:A decade ago, Bear Stearns was facing a grave liquidity crisis. Its stock had plummeted more than 20 percent in just days. Investors, as well as clients and broker-dealers, had pulled back from the firm, fearing that their continued exposure to plunging real estate assets threatened their solvency.Amid the chaos, the co-head of Goldman’s investment bank, David Solomon, reached out to an executive at Bear Stearns:The call left Sam Molinaro, Bear’s C.F.O., feeling uneasy. “When Goldman calls and offers their assistance, it's usually a moneymaking opportunity for them,” Mr. Molinaro said.Of course, within days, JPMorgan, with the backing of the Federal Reserve, had stepped in and agreed to acquire Bear for $2 a share.Mr. Solomon, meanwhile, was anointed the heir apparent at Goldman yesterday.When President Trump signed the sweeping tax overhaul into law late last year, he said, “Corporations are literally going wild over this.” We’re not ones to judge whether that’s an overstatement, but a new study has found that, at the least, many plan on going shopping.Here’s what a survey of 500 American companies with sales of at least $500 million by EY found:• 42 percent of respondents intend to use their tax savings on acquisitions• 73 percent of executives said that they will accelerate their M.&A. planning for the year in any case• 69 percent of respondents say that they’re likely to bring back more cash from overseas under the new tax codeThe responses to survey suggest that many of the predictions for how companies would use the proceeds from the tax overhaul may prove correct. Though many firms garnered headlines for doling out bonuses to employees or raising hourly wages, analysts and economists largely predicted that corporate America would turn to deal-making, dividends or share buybacks as ways to spend their money.“At the end of the day, tax is not a driver of M.&A., but it certainly is a key element,” Bill Casey, EY’s Americas vice chair of transaction advisory services, told me. He added that the removal of uncertainty about taxes, as well as the potential benefits from the overhaul, appears to have lifted companies’ deal-making spirits.Not that M.&A. has been bad so far this year. Announced transactions in the United States for the year to date are up 55 percent from the same time last year, according to Thomson Reuters. And Mr. Casey pointed out that companies already have access to plenty of cheap financing to pursue acquisitions.But for mid-market companies especially, extra money in the pocket can help provide an extra shot of confidence.“There’s more capital being fueled by tax reform, and that will ultimately lead to a better deal market,” Mr. Casey said.Other findings from the survey• 75 percent of respondents said that they are likely to grow their United States manufacturing base in some way• 89 percent said that they planned to “enhance compensation” because of forthcoming tax benefits• 38 percent of mid-cap companies plan to create new jobs, compared to only 19 percent of large-caps• 66 percent are likely to pass some tax savings onto customers— Michael de la MercedFew deal makers that Michael has spoken to since last night can recall such a dramatic scenario: The president intervening in a hostile takeover, citing national security reasons.President Trump essentially salted the earth for Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm. Broadcom was ordered to “immediately and permanently abandon the proposed takeover,” and its nominees for Qualcomm’s board, who had stood a good chance of winning most of the seats, were immediately disqualified.What John Kabealo, a specialist in foreign investment law, told Cecilia Kang and Alan Rappeport of the NYT:Scott Kennedy of the Center for Strategic & International Studies told Bloomberg, “This decision hangs a huge ‘not-for-sale’ sign on just about every American semiconductor firm.”Big question 1: Much has been made of this White House’s protectionism. But Cfius, the government panel that reviews deals for national security concerns, cited Broadcom’s “relationships with third-party foreign entities.” What does that mean?Big question 2: Did Broadcom — which sped up its efforts to move its legal headquarters to the U.S. in apparent defiance of Cfius’s orders — misplay this situation?Big question 3: Does any non-U.S. bidder for an American company now need to worry about Cfius?Critics’ corner:  Brook Sutherland of Gadfly warns, “This should be a warning for future deal makers and would-be friends of Trump.” Considering Qualcomm’s prospects now, Lex says the company “has disappointed before — even without the president’s help.”Market reactionShares of Qualcomm are down 4.5 percent, while Broadcom’s stock rose 1.7 percent. Rival chip maker Intel, which has been considering a number alternatives in response Broadcom’s pursuit of Qualcomm, gained 2.7 percent.Andrew took the wraps off the Alphabet C.E.O.’s well-hidden side project, which aims to be the Uber of self-flying aircraft before Uber can even get there.More from Andrew’s column:New Zealand has long been seen as safety-conscious, so its regulations for the vehicles could be a model in the U.S. and elsewhere.Now that the Wall Street titan has officially anointed an up-and-coming disc jockey — a.k.a. David Solomon, longtime investment banker — Lloyd Blankfein’s likely successor, it’s worth considering his priorities:From Dakin Campbell of Bloomberg:And in an interview with the Virgin Group founder Richard Branson last month, Mr. Solomon suggested that Goldman — which has added consumer lending to its stable of services — “could move in your direction a little bit.”The succession race was Wall Street’s most closely watched, with Mr. Solomon, the outsider investment banker, squaring off against a Goldman lifer and veteran trader, his fellow co-president Harvey Schwartz.From Kate Kelly of the NYT:Peter Eavis’s take: Morgan Stanley has arguably done more than Goldman to diversify away from trading into more stable businesses like wealth management.A stumble for Goldman’s deal business: It’s fifth in Thomson Reuters’s global league tables, behind Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Lazard.As the current front-runner to replace Gary Cohn, the CNBC commentator would become the White House’s top salesman for its economic policies — and one of the top internal supporters of free trade, when protectionism is ascendant.Why Mr. Kudlow, whose last formal Washington job was in the Reagan administration? From Maggie Haberman and Jim Tankersley of the NYT:Just in time: Mr. Kudlow and Stephen Moore have an op-ed in today’s WSJ on the economy. From the piece: “Mr. Trump’s tax-cutting and deregulatory policies are already pushing out the supply curve, creating real growth that isn’t inflationary.”More context: The apparent discarding of the previous front-runner, Chris Liddell, is another blow to Jared Kushner, for whom he worked.The political flyaround• While some Senate Republicans have introduced bills to block President Trump’s proposed tariffs, G.O.P. leaders are unlikely to take them up. European carmakers said the tariffs might lead them reduce investment, and therefore jobs, in the U.S.• Mr. Trump abandoned his promise of tougher gun rules opposed by the National Rifle Association, including raising the age limit to buy assault-style rifles. And the Justice Department is moving to punish those who lie to obtain guns.• Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee found that Russia did not try to sway the 2016 election in Mr. Trump’s favor, contradicting the intelligence community. (NYT)• The Senate Banking Committee is on track to pass legislation that will protect Equifax and its peers from consumer lawsuits, while allowing it to expand in the mortgage business. (Politico)• Stormy Daniels, who says she had an affair with Mr. Trump, has offered to return $130,000 to his personal lawyer to break a nondisclosure agreement. (NYT)• Could Saudi Arabia abandon plans to list Aramco on an international stock exchange? A tweak to MSCI’s indexes might make that happen. (Reuters)• Geely’s acquisition of almost a tenth of Daimler has stoked German fears about China’s rise as an industrial power. (FT)• HNA Group is in talks to sell some Hilton-related investments, unnamed sources said. (WSJ)• IHS Towers, Africa’s largest telecommunication-towers company, is planning an I.P.O. in New York, and MTN Group, which owns about 29 percent of it, could sell a stake worth about $2.3 billion. (Bloomberg)Apple said yesterday that it was buying Texture, the so-called “Netflix of magazines.” It has already acquired the likes of Shazam, the music-recognition app, as it seeks services that could entice and keep customers within its ecosystem.More from Tripp Mickle and Lukas Alpert of the WSJ:Also of note: Apple’s market value as of yesterday’s close was $922 billion, after touching a high of $925 billion.The virtual currency corner: Bitcoin is at $9,189.66 this morning. Endowments and foundations are steering clear of virtual currencies, but that doesn’t mean they’re not interested. And the Japanese trading platform Coincheck said it had compensated customers hit when it was hacked and had resumed exchange services.The tech flyaround• Not everyone in tech agrees about immigration. (Axios)• Marketers, increasingly worried about the reliability of audience numbers, are flocking to businesses that identify fake accounts on platforms like Instagram. (NYT)• A federal judge rejected a bid to dismiss much of a lawsuit against Yahoo over its security breaches, which claims that all 3 billion users had information compromised. (Reuters)• Lyft said that its sales surpassed $1 billion last year and are still growing quickly. (Axios)Thanks to eagle-eyed reader Ashay Gupta for spotting this late-1980s interaction between the future Fed chairman and the Berkshire Hathaway chief during the Salomon Brothers saga.• Shane Smith is preparing to cede his position as C.E.O. of Vice Media to Nancy Dubuc, who is stepping down from A&E Networks, unnamed sources said. (NYT)• Debra Reed will step down as president and C.E.O. at Sempra Energy, which just finished acquiring Oncor. (L.A. Times)• China will overhaul supervision of its debt-ridden financial sector, environmental regulators and other essential government agencies, consolidating the Communist Party’s power. (NYT)• The Russo brothers, who directed several Marvel movies, are running a $250 million production company backed by China’s largest private film company, Huayi Brothers Media. (WSJ)• Wage data is volatile and may be declining in quality. (NYT)• The world’s largest asset managers often declined to support shareholder resolutions pushing big energy companies toward greater action on climate change, according to a study of 2017 data. (Axios)• Arnold Schwarzenegger wants to sue oil companies for “knowingly killing people all over the world.” (Politico)• Wynn Resorts dropped litigation against its former largest shareholder, the Japanese pachinko mogul Kazuo Okada, a step toward resolving a six-year legal battle. (WSJ)• G.E. did not pay its top executives a cash bonus last year, for the first time in its history. (WSJ).We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.