Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• How to kill off a bank quietly.• Snap just lost nearly $2 billion in market value.• The new tax law is having implications beyond America’s borders.• The Supreme Court helps define what a whistle-blower must do.• Newell Brands named three new directors as it fights with Starboard Value.• Broadcom and Qualcomm are getting feistier in their deal fight.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.The Trump administration has mostly taken a softer stance toward Wall Street, but on Wednesday, it suggested a regulatory change designed to make life harder for the big banks.The change, proposed by the Treasury Department, is arcane, but in a financial crisis, it could be hugely consequential.What is it? The tweak aims to increase the likelihood that a failing bank would be forced into bankruptcy, rather than into a resolution process overseen by the government. The difference might seem insignificant, especially since the current regulatory procedures for winding down a bank, introduced by the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, are stringent and mimic bankruptcy. But the Treasury Department believes that an actual bankruptcy would be preferable. It would make the process of restructuring a failed bank more evenhanded and predictable, according to the Treasury. In turn, investors in the big Wall Street firms, and anyone doing business with them, would become more aware of the losses they could suffer if those firms crashed.But didn’t the financial crisis of 2008 illustrate the grave dangers of allowing a large bank to go into bankruptcy? The disorderly collapse of Lehman Brothers into bankruptcy set off a panic across the global financial system, according to most analyses of the period. And that is why the Dodd-Frank Act set up a way for regulators to seize a large bank and restructure it in a controlled manner, known as the orderly liquidation authority. As with bankruptcy, it envisions making creditors the new owners of a restructured firm. But it added a feature to limit panic. Under Dodd-Frank, regulators can lend to the failed bank. Such a backstop could prevent a further run on the bank. Its customers and creditors would see that the seized bank had sufficient funds to pay them. The government lending mimics the loans that banks make to bankrupt companies.How much of this does the Treasury want to do away with? Not much at all. It recommends using the Dodd-Frank resolution framework “as an emergency tool for use in extraordinary circumstances.” But that’s how the backers of Dodd-Frank saw the process, too. Crucially, the Treasury also wants to keep the emergency government loan. But the Treasury’s proposal does introduce an important and innovative change. It calls for a special type of bankruptcy regime for large financial firms, called Chapter 14. This new regime envisions having a set of specialist judges, working with regulators in the United States and around the world, who could plan for and oversee the bankruptcies of large banks.Would Chapter 14 work in a crisis? Much depends on whether the customers and creditors of the failing bank yank their money, intensifying the run and spreading fear through the system. The Treasury argues that changes since the crisis mean banks have more cash on hand, and banks can now hold off for a short time on paying claims on financial instruments called derivatives (recall, such claims were particularly debilitating for Lehman.) Also, banks must now have detailed plans to put themselves into bankruptcy, though the Treasury last year suggested changes that might make that planning less stringent. Notably, the Treasury hopes to make Chapter 14 effective by deploying a method for restructuring a failed bank that regulators already expect to use under the orderly liquidation authority.This approach rests on turning pre-existing debt owed by a bank’s holding company into new equity at the subsidiaries where the bank does all its business. The theory: If a reassuringly large amount of new equity were created at the subsidiaries, the banks’ creditors and trading partners would feel protected and not withdraw. Indeed, the Treasury says this would eliminate the incentive for counterparties to run.Eliminate is a strong word. In the heat of a crisis, when the scale of a bank’s losses is not known, making it hard to know how much new equity is needed, creditors and trading partners may just head for the exits, crippling the bank. Even so, Aaron Klein, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, said it made a lot of sense to enshrine this formal wind-down procedure in bankruptcy. “Why wouldn’t you want to make bankruptcy better?” he said.And there’s a big reason it might work. Under post-crisis rules, banks must earmark billions of dollars of debt that would be used for creating new equity in a resolution. Put another way, Dodd-Frank has made it possible for the Trump administration to pursue a favored policy goal.— Peter EavisShares of the social media company tumbled 7.4 percent Thursday after Kylie Jenner tweeted that she no longer opens Snapchat.The tweet comes as Snap faces growing criticism from users over the redesign of its app. So far nearly 1.5 million people have retweeted a petition asking Snap to revert to the old version, CNBC reported.Earlier this week analysts at Citi became the latest to downgrade the stock over the negative reaction.Mark May of Citi wrote:European banks with significant operations in New York and other parts of the United States have seen multi-billion dollar hits on their results in the fourth quarter as a result.Changes in corporate tax rates have forced European lenders – and their American counterparts – to recognize so-called deferred tax assets at the end of last year.But, the pain is expected to be short term as most banks, including Barclays and UBS, anticipate the tax rate for their United States operations will be lower future.As earnings season edges toward a close, here is the impact on some of Europe’s largest lenders:• Barclays reported an annual loss of 1.9 billion pounds, or about $2.7 billion after it took a series of charges, including £900 million related to tax changes in the United States. “Given the group’s substantial U.S. operations, this is expected to result in a reduction of the group’s effective tax rate in 2018 and future periods to mid-20 percent,” the bank said on Thursday.• Credit Suisse reported a loss of 2.13 billion Swiss francs, or about $2.3 billion, in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by 2.23 billion francs in income tax expenses related to the reassessment of its deferred tax assets.• Deutsche Bank reported a full-year loss of 497 million euros, or about $612 million. John Cryan, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, said: “Only a charge related to US tax reform at the end of the year meant that we had to post a full-year after-tax loss.”• HSBC reported a pretax profit of $17.2 billion for 2017, but took a charge of $1.3 billion to reflect a reevaluation of its deferred tax balances.• Société Générale said its profit was dragged down in the quarter after it was hit by restructuring charges related to its French retail banking network and the impact of tax reforms in France and in the United States.• UBS fell to a loss in the fourth quarter as a result of a writedown of 2.87 billion francs on deferred tax assets.Keep an eye out for Standard Chartered when it reports its annual results next week.The bank, which is based in Britain, but makes most of its money in Asia, has been recently touting its ability to serve the North American market.— Chad BrayAccording to the Supreme Court, in an opinion written by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, it requires telling the Securities and Exchange Commission, not just your bosses. More from Andrew Ackerman of the WSJ:Peter Henning’s takeThe Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, rejected that reading of the statute. It applied a simple analysis: “Courts are not at liberty to dispense with the condition — tell the S.E.C. — Congress imposed.” By not reporting his suspicions to the S.E.C., he lost the protection afforded whistle-blowers.The maker of Sharpie markers and Elmer’s glue said today that it was adding three new directors amid its fight with Starboard. They are:• James Craigie, the chairman and former C.E.O. of Church & Dwight, the maker of Arm & Hammer• Debra Crew, the former C.E.O. of Reynolds American, the tobacco company• Judith Sprieser, a former C.E.O. of Transora, a services provider for packaged goods companies (who will be nominated at the company’s upcoming annual meeting)What Newell said of the move:What it didn’t say: That this was a response to Starboard, which has criticized Newell’s management team — and is seeking to replace the company’s entire board.— Michael de la MercedRay Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates, the world’s biggest hedge fund, thinks so.Last week, Mr. Dalio said: “The risks of a recession in the next 18-24 months are rising.”Now he says there is a 70 percent chance of one before the next presidential election in 2020, according to Reuters.During an appearance Wednesday at the Harvard Kennedy School’s Institute of Politics, Mr. Dalio said:Broadcom didn’t walk away after Qualcomm raised its takeover bid for NXP Semiconductor, but it did lower its own proposal by $3 a share, to $79. Why? Because the new NXP offer transferred $4.10 per Qualcomm share to NXP investors.Qualcomm responded that the move “made an inadequate offer even worse,” and argued that the NXP deal couldn’t have gotten done at the original price of $110 a share.Looks like we’re headed to a showdown at Qualcomm’s annual meeting on March 6.The deals flyaround• As online streaming booms and 5G gets closer, is now the time for Charlie Ergen to sell Dish Networks? (Gadfly)• Hedge funds like Verition Partners are trying to save the shareholder appraisal process, meant to wring more money from mergers, from a series of adverse court rulings. (FT)• Britain might block Melrose Industries’s hostile takeover of the aerospace supplier GKN on national security grounds. (FT)• Two big U.S. hospital networks, Bon Secours Health System and Mercy Health, have agreed to merge, amid a surge in deal-making in the industry. (WSJ)Why has its growth slowed? A new study by the McKinsey Global Institute suggests that rising consumer demand, as well as what companies produce and which tech they use, drives productivity improvements.More from Peter Eavis’s correspondence with Jaana Remes of McKinsey, one of the study’s authors:In other macro news: Prepare for interest rates to rise, Jay Powell said. Preferably gradually, Randal Quarles added. The saving rate is at a 12-year low. And no one knows why the markets dropped suddenly yesterday.• Mississippi granted a tax break worth up to $6 million to a hotel tied to the Trump family business. So could that violate the emoluments clause? (NYT)• Sam Nunberg, a Trump campaign adviser, is scheduled to meet today with Robert Mueller. And t he special counsel has filed new charges — under seal — against Paul Manafort and Rick Gates.• Congress’s next fight over Dreamers may come with a $1.3 trillion spending bill to avert a government shutdown on March 23. Meanwhile, Melania Trump’s parents have become lawful U.S. residents, perhaps through what the White House denounces as “chain migration.”• Senators James Inhofe, Republican of Oklahoma, and Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, called for a bipartisan infrastructure bill. (WSJ)• Survivors of school shootings shared their stories with President Trump and pleaded for action. (NYT)• Representative Trey Gowdy of the House Oversight Committee demanded documents relating to first-class travel by Scott Pruitt, the head of the E.P.A. (NYT)The bank’s employees are scattered across Midtown Manhattan. So it’s planning a new headquarters, which could be as tall as 75 stories, to house 15,000 workers. (Its current H.Q. — which, fun fact, is where the pistols from Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr’s duel reside — was designed for about 3,500.)The context: The forthcoming JPMorgan skyscraper is the first major project under New York City’s Midtown East rezoning plan. The bank dropped plans for Manhattan’s Far West Side after failing to secure subsidies from the city.Elsewhere in banking:  Barclays lost $2.7 billion last year, hit by the U.S. tax overhaul, but promised to double its dividend. And José Manuel Barroso, chairman of Goldman Sachs International, has been criticized for lobbying the European Commission, which he led until 2014.The carmaker didn’t specify what Raj Nair, the head of its North American operations, did to be fired, only that his ouster arose out of an anonymous tip. But the move adds to turmoil at the struggling company.The context: Ford already apologized to its workers after the NYT investigated longstanding abuses of women at two of its plants in Chicago. And its operations chief in China left earlier this year for pre-Ford “personal reasons.”The misconduct flyaround• The Dallas Mavericks franchise has hired outside counsel to investigate allegations of inappropriate conduct against its former team president.• A national online survey found sexual harassment and assault to be much more common than previous studies had suggested. (NYT)• The former NPR executive Michael Oreskes was warned repeatedly that he was acting inappropriately toward women, and kept doing it, according to an independent investigation. (NYT)• Tom Schumacher, the Disney executive who took “Frozen” to Broadway, has been accused of workplace harassment. (WSJ)• An anonymous chat app is helping lift the lid on sexual harassment in South Korea. (Reuters)The secure messaging service is holding a second private presale before its highly anticipated (and record-breaking) initial coin offering. More from Adrianne Jeffries of The Verge:More in digital money• The S.E.C. charged the virtual currency exchange BitFunder and its founder with fraud. (CNBC)• The Justice Department has made gains on a seized Bitcoin hoard, but has had trouble cashing out. (Fortune)• Some new ways of selling shovels to Bitcoin miners. (WSJ)• Lawmakers in Britain are examining sympathetic ways to regulate digital currencies. (Reuters)• New software at big cryptocurrency exchanges could make Bitcoin transactions cheaper. (CNBC)And Bitcoin’s at $10,676 today, according to CoinMarketCap.• The latest chatbots are impressive. But they might be even better if their inventors weren’t scared of them saying something vile in public. (NYT)• Airbnb is trying to promote its Experiences business as it heads toward an I.P.O., with little success. (WSJ)• Amazon’s Alexa could be the next great consumer computing platform, says Farhad Manjoo. (NYT)• Roger McNamee, an early investor in Facebook, says it could be fixed by charging users for a better News Feed, arranged in cable-style bundles. (WaPo)• Uber will keep investing in Southeast Asia, despite losing money to local rivals. (Reuters)• A former Google engineer has sued the company for discrimination and wrongful termination, saying he fired for responding to racist and sexist encounters. (The Verge)• Naspers of South Africa has become an under-the-radar e-commerce giant and global tech investor. (The Information)• One of Twitter’s solutions for bot accounts: limiting automated tweets. (Axios)• Facebook is using algorithms to flag expressions of suicidal thoughts. (CNBC)• Apple wants to patent a way to count calories burned during yoga. (Axios)• Peter Tague, one of Citigroup’s co-heads of M. & A., is leaving. (WSJ)• Alison Gleeson and Wendy Bahr are the finalists to become Cisco’s global sales chief and No. 2 executive, unnamed sources say. (The Information)• Glassdoor has hired Jim Cox from Lithium Technologies as its C.F.O. It also named Christian Sutherland-Wong as its first C.O.O. and Samantha Zupan as its vice president of global corporate communications. (Glassdoor)• Coinbase is hiring a C.F.O. (Recode)“There is a credibility gap between what they say and the reality of what is to come.”— The Deutsche Bank analyst John Inch on how G.E. executives — including Jeff Immelt — masked problems at the conglomerate with rosy projections and questionable accounting.• Toys “R” Us plans to close another 200 stores and lay off many of its corporate staff after disappointing holiday sales, unnamed sources say. (WSJ)• British officials have been holding talks with Unilever amid fears that the Anglo-Dutch consumer group could choose to have one unified headquarters in Rotterdam, not London. (FT)• Hedge funds are buying planes and leasing them to airlines. (FT)• A fund managed directly by Alan Howard, who made his name with impressive profits during the financial crisis in 2008, lost nearly 9 percent net of fees from May through December. (Reuters)• Greece’s Parliament voted to investigate politicians over allegations of bribery by the Swiss drugmaker Novartis. (Reuters)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.The Learning Network runs challenges for teenagers all year long, but when we announce a new one, it’s always with trepidation. Will it be too hard? Have we been clear enough about what we’re looking for? Will anyone out there actually take the time to do it?Well, in the case of the challenge we announced in December — to connect something you’re studying in school with the world today — we needn’t have worried. Over 1,200 students suggested interesting thematic links between recent Times articles and literary, historical and scientific texts and topics like “Their Eyes Were Watching God,” “Walden,” the Chinese Exclusion Act, the Chandrasekhar Limit and the California gold rush.Some texts came up so often that, if you’re a teacher currently working with any of them, you could do worse than to search this post to find the many and varied ways students see their resonance. “Brave New World,” “Fahrenheit 451,” “The Prince,” “1984,” "Othello” and “Macbeth” are in that category.Certain issues in the news also appeared in all kinds of contexts. The #MeToo movement reminded students of literature like “Jane Eyre” and “The Handmaid’s Tale,” but one student also thought Newton’s first two laws of motion applied, while another saw an analogy to the rock cycle in geology. Participants discovered that fake news is old news, with clear parallels in the plots of “The Crucible” and “The Great Gatsby.” President Trump was compared to literary characters including Macbeth and Grendel, and his policies were invoked in examining topics as varied as “The Scarlet Letter” and the Indian Removal Act.Below, in alphabetical order, is a list of winners, runners-up and honorable mentions, including full essays by our top eight winners. All told, the list represents the work of 50 students, more than we usually call out in our contests. But not only were there simply that many ideas we wanted to honor, we also think the variety and originality of the choices speak for themselves: Any future student who wonders what school-assigned reading has to do with “the real world” only has to look at this list to see how easy it is to answer that question.Zoe Georgulas, 17, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “Thought Control, Trump-Style”Samantha Jones, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Walden” and “Dropping Out of College Into Life”Lily Langrind, 17, Concord Carlisle High School: “White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack” by Peggy McIntosh and “Checking My Male Privilege”Alicia Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Will America Choose King’s Dream or Trump’s Nightmare?”Katherine LoBue, 16, Mamaroneck High School: “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” by Mark Twain and “The Other Inconvenient Truth”Ayden Nichol, 17, Concord-Carlisle Regional High School: “The Merchant of Venice” and “Louisiana’s Big Step on Justice Reform”Isabella Picillo, 17, Oceanside High School: “The Scarlet Letter” and “Judge Partially Lifts Trump Administration Ban on Refugees”Sayali Shelke, 19, Texas A&M University: Stereotype threat and “Careers for Women in Technology Companies Are a Global Challenge”Update, Feb. 27: Several readers have asked to learn more about the connections students made, so we’ve added a short excerpt from the work of each runner-up._________ Andrea B., 17, St. Ignatius College Prep: “Beowulf” and “‘Wonder Woman’ Could Be the Superhero Women in Hollywood Need”Sofie Brutsaert, 15, Jamesville-DeWitt High School: The Stanford Prison Experiment and “ESPN Fires Donovan McNabb and Eric Davis After Lawsuit”Sharanya Datta, 14, Biotechnology High School: “The Crucible” by Arthur Miller and “‘Fake News’: Wide Reach but Little Impact, Study Suggests”Ian Derushia, 15, Hoggard High School: Genghis Khan and “What Experts Know About Men Who Rape”Kendall Dunn, 18, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “My Year of No Shopping”Jackson Edwards, Wesley Gow, Jack Trent, Jaya Krishnan, 17, St. John’s School: “Invisible Man” and “A Rebel, a Warrior and a Race Fiend”Sera Eviner, 16, Oceanside High School: Newton’s Laws and “The #MeToo Moment: No Longer Complicit”Shane George, 15, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jeong-In Ha, 16, Bergen County Academies: “Troilus and Cressida” by William Shakespeare and “Japan Balks at Calls for New Apology to South Korea Over ‘Comfort Women’”Betsy Jenifer, 18, Women’s Christian College: “Doctor Faustus” by Christopher Marlowe and “You’ll Never Be Famous — And That’s O.K.”Victoria Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “The Heartbeat of Racism Is Denial”Zoe Maisel, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The History Teacher” by Billy Collins and “‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ Removed From School in Mississippi”Emily Pinheiro, 16, Arlington High School: Foreign-language study in school and “Thousands Once Spoke His Language in the Amazon. Now, He’s the Only One.”Izi Potter, 18, University of Oregon: “The Blank Page” by Karen Blixen and “My Worst Columns”Andrew Reilly, 18, South Forsyth High School: “Tulip Mania” in 17th century Holland and BitcoinJulia Swicionis, 16, Saint Ignatius College Prep: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “Mueller’s Facts and Trump’s Make-Believe”Abby VanLonkhuyzen, 16, Yarmouth High School: The Chinese Exclusion Act and “Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries”Anushka Agarwal, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Evaluating Sources in a ‘Post-Truth’ World: Ideas for Teaching and Learning About Fake News”Troy Barlow, 16, Duxbury High School: “David Copperfield” by Charles Dickens and “Teacher Arrested at School Board Meeting After Questioning Superintendent Contract”Alexis Batista, Jonathan Ricaldy, Lleayem Nazario-Johnson, Oleg Kamen, 18, Classical High School: “1984” by George Orwell and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Robert Biehler, 17, Cosby High School: The Civil War and “F.C.C. Plans Net Neutrality Repeal in a Victory for Telecoms”Margarita Bogdanova-Shapkina, 15, Oceanside High School: The Industrial Revolution and “Hard-Liners and Reformers Tapped Iranians’ Ire. Now, Both Are Protest Targets”Bronwyn, Jack, Landon, 16, Greenwood College School: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “To Make Prisons ‘Safer,’ Some Are Banning … Books”Elizabeth Buerkle, 14, Oceanside High School: Orchestra class arrangements for modern music and “A Symphony Breathes Life Into 400 Broken School Instruments”Avery Crumlish and Isabel Benson, 14, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The geology concept of the rock cycle and “The Best Era for Working Women Was 20 Years Ago”Nathan Davidov, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “10 Ways to Love Better”Diego Diaz, 17, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “When Elites Get a Taste of Their Own Medicine”Sawyer Doeg, 13, Asheville Catholic: The Indian Removal Act and “Trump Slashes Size of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Monuments”Odin Doolittle, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Wretched of the Earth” by Franz Fannon and “Rohingya Militants in Myanmar Claim Responsibility for Attack”Nathanie Doralus, 16, Wekiva High School: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “The Warp-Speed Presidency”Jeric Duro, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Air Force General Addresses Racial Slurs on Campus: ‘You Should Be Outraged’”Isabella Eckler, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Britney Ellman, 16, Arlington High School: Women’s rights movements in the Antebellum period and “How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left”Stacy Fernandes, 18, Eunoia Junior College: “Woman in Mind” by Alan Ayckbourn and “When ‘Not Guilty’ Is a Life Sentence”Katrina Fisher, 18, New Tech High at Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “In Breakthrough, Scientists Edit a Dangerous Mutation From Genes in Human Embryos”Shane George, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jenny Huang, 16, North Carolina School of Science and Math: “The Yellow Wallpaper” by Charlotte Perkins Gilman and “The Reckoning: Women and Power in the Workplace”Marcel Johnican, 17, CICS Ralph Ellison: “Their Eyes Were Watching God” by Zora Neale Hurston and this photographMorgan Lafont, 16, Garden City High School: “Frankenstein” by Mary Shelley and “How Evil Is Tech?”Laura Liao, 14, West Windsor Plainsboro High School North: “Jane Eyre” by Charlotte Brontë and “At the Golden Globes, Stars and Their Activist Guests Talk About Why They Fight”Sarah Lyons, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Danger of a Single Story” by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and “Seeing Danger in a Face”Emme Magliato, 16, Arlington High School: Injustice to Native Americans and the doctrine of Manifest Destiny and “Trump Is Vandalizing Our Wild Heritage”Vidhisha Mahesh, 16, Folsom High School: “Hamlet” by William Shakespeare and “How the Myth of the Artistic Genius Excuses the Abuse of Women”Colin Mangan, 16, Oceanside High School: Election and presidency of Andrew Jackson and “The Glory of Democracy”Caitlin McCarthy, 17, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “The World Celebrates New Year’s Eve”Sofia Olivares, 15: Climate change and “No One Is Coming to Save Us From Trump’s Racism”Sarina Patel, 14, C. Leon King High School: The French Revolution and “Open Letter From Time’s Up”Katie Remaklus, 16, The Seven Hills School: “Beowulf” and “Trump’s Twitter Threats Put American Credibility on the Line”Olivia Rockrohr, 17, Arlington High School: The California gold rush and “Google’s War Over the Sexes”Dylan Rosenthal, 16, North Broward Preparatory School: “Twelfth Night” by William Shakespeare and “With Manicures and Makeup, Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Line Between Pink and Blue”Santhosh Saravanan, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The Namesake” by Jhumpa Lahiri and “Finding Myself Through My College Major”Ardi Saunders, 17, New Tech High School @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “Free Speech, Personified”Caitlin Terpstra, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission and “After the Pain, a Chance to Meet and Forgive”Sophie Tully, 16, Cosby High School: The 1848 Seneca Falls Convention and “Amber Tamblyn: Redefining the Red Carpet”Crystella Wagner, 16, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “Stalin, Hitler and the Temptations of Totalitarianism”Anne-Kinsey Wash and Claire McCann, 13, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The 1885-1908 rubber craze in Congo and “Apple Report Expects New iPhones to Jump-Start Growth”Emma Wigington, 17, South Forsyth High School: “Southern Cop” by Sterling Brown and “When Will Black Lives Matter in St. Louis?”Sydney Yan, 15, Biotechnology High School: The Chandrasekhar Limit (the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star) and “American Dreamers”_________• The lesson plan that accompanied this challenge: Making It Relevant: Helping Students Connect Their Studies to the World Today• Our Text to Text series, in which The Learning Network matches often-taught literary, historical and scientific texts with Times articles past and present.• Our on-demand webinar, “Ripped From the Headlines and Applied to the Classics: Pairing Often-Taught Literary and History Texts With Times Articles and Multimedia,” which explores more ideas for helping students make connections like these._________Thank you, as always, to the teachers and students who took the time to participate. Teachers, if you’re interested, please let us know how you used the challenge in your class by writing to LNFeedback@nytimes.comThank you also to our judges, who included Learning Network staff Shannon Doyne, Caroline Gilpin, Michael Gonchar and Natalie Proulx, as well as teacher-contributors to our site, Amanda Christy Brown and Annissa Hambouz.  (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• The Justice Department indictment against 13 people and three companies lays out in riveting detail how Russia carried out a social media campaign to disrupt the 2016 presidential election.Posing as activists, Russians organized rallies in American cities and played on political divisions with online posts that reached hundreds of thousands of people. Our correspondent in Moscow spoke to two former trolls about their efforts.• Although  Russia sought to manipulate the American electorate, political polarization was already well established in the U.S., our Interpreter columnists write.• The indictment doesn’t accuse President Trump or his associates of wrongdoing, which he quickly said was proof that there had been “no collusion” between Russia and his campaign.But that sense of triumph soon gave way to an angry Twitter tirade by the president, who has long disputed the idea that Moscow influenced the election in his favor.Our fact checkers had a busy weekend looking into statements about Russian interference by Mr. Trump and a top Facebook executive.• Separately, we examined the tactics that Michael Cohen, Mr. Trump’s longtime lawyer, used to protect him. They included intimidation, hush money and a leading tabloid news business.• The mass shootings in the U.S. in recent years have forced hundreds of family members into an unwanted fellowship.Those who lost children in earlier tragedies are reaching out to grieving parents after last week’s shooting in Parkland, Fla., to console and advise, and often to recruit them to the gun control cause.• As funerals for the 17 victims  were held over the weekend, student organizers said they would march in Washington next month to demand action. “We want this to stop. We need this to stop,” said Emma González, a student at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. “We are protecting guns more than people.”• The country is training thousands of militiamen in Syria and bringing in new technologies like drones. In the process, it is expanding a network of proxies, and redrawing the strategic map of the Middle East.Tehran’s goal, analysts say, is to build a united front in any war with Israel.• “Do not test Israel’s resolve,”  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Sunday, while brandishing what he said was part of a downed Iranian drone.• One of the nation’s most powerful black chief executives is breaking his silence after publicly sparring with President Trump last year.Kenneth Frazier, the chief executive of the pharmaceuticals company Merck, stepped down from one of the president’s business advisory councils over Mr. Trump’s response to violence by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Va.• “In this case, we were not talking about politics,” Mr. Frazier told The Times in an interview. “We were talking about the basic values of the country.”• WeWork, the global network of shared office spaces, has an audacious, possibly delusional plan to transform not just the way we work and live, but the very world we live in.• The currencies are virtual, but the thieves are real. Big holders of Bitcoin and Ether are being targeted by criminals seeking to exploit the ease with which vast virtual riches can be transferred.• Warren Buffett’s annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders is among the headlines to watch this week.• U.S. markets are closed today for Presidents’ Day. Here’s a snapshot of global markets.Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Our best travel tips to make the most of  China.• Find quality wine for under $20.• Embrace meatless Monday with a vegetable stir-fry.• A Russian athlete who won a medal at the Winter Olympics is waiting for the result of a second drug test after failing a preliminary screening for doping.Here are today’s Olympics results. Find all our coverage of the Pyeongchang Games here.• “Black Panther” took in a record-setting $218 million at North American box offices and a global total of $387 million.A group of Brooklyn seventh graders gave us their views of the film. Several liked the superhero’s suit, but they also saw a deeper meaning.• At the Baftas, the British equivalent of the Oscars, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” won big.• A new format led to a more competitive N.B.A. All-Star Game, with Team LeBron beating Team Stephen, 148-145.• Austin Dillon won the Daytona 500, driving the No. 3 car made famous by Dale Earnhardt Sr.• Uncovering a strand of historyA librarian at a college in upstate New York found a thin envelope that may add to the odd history of George Washington’s hair.• Quotation of the day“You get a lot of the older ladies up in Alberta or Saskatchewan who are just going to buy those things up.”— John Landsteiner, a member of the U.S. men’s curling team, on the Men of Curling calendar, which features the athletes in various states of undress.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.When “The Feminine Mystique” started flying off the shelves, Betty Friedan’s publisher assumed that her husband had bought all the copies.The assumption encapsulated why she had written the book, published on this day in 1963. It went on to sell more than three million copies worldwide by 2000.Helping to ignite the women’s liberation movement in the U.S. in the ’60s, the book tackled what Friedan called “the problem that has no name,” a dissatisfaction among women, like herself, who were defined only by their roles as wives and mothers.The book’s premise was a “damning indictment,” a Times review said in 1963.Friedan used her success to advocate feminist causes and helped found the National Organization for Women and other groups. She died in 2006, on her 85th birthday.Though the book is held up as essential feminist reading, it has come under fire for its lack of diversity and inclusivity.But 20 years after “The Feminine Mystique” was published, Friedan wrote in The Times: “I am still awed by the revolution that book helped spark. That I was able to put it together at the time it was needed is something of a mystery to me.”Anna Schaverien contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.Good morning.The cycle can feel numbingly familiar: mass shooting, followed by politicians offering their thoughts and prayers, followed by others demanding stricter gun laws. So it is hardly a surprise that lawmakers from California responded to the mass shooting at a high school in Florida last week by quickly calling for more gun-control laws.Still, the comments from Senators Kamala Harris and Dianne Feinstein make the frustration clear.Speaking on MSNBC last week, Ms. Harris described looking at autopsy photos from shootings during her time as a prosecutor, suggesting that perhaps lawmakers should do the same.“When you see the effect of this extreme violence on a human body and especially the body of a child, maybe it will shock some people into understanding,” she said, adding: “We cannot tolerate a society and live in a country with any level of pride when our babies are being slaughtered.”Ms. Feinstein has taken to Twitter to renew her call to support an assault weapons ban, which she has co-sponsored with other Democrats.“How long will we accept weapons of war being used to slaughter our children,” she wrote the day of the shooting.“A generation of students has grown up with active shooter drills as the norm. They are saying ‘enough’ and I couldn’t be more proud,” she wrote on Sunday.She also said she would introduce a bill that would require all gun purchases to be limited to those who are at least 21 years old.“If you can’t buy a handgun or a bottle of beer, you shouldn’t be able to buy an AR-15,” she said.Those calling for stricter gun laws took to the street over the long weekend too, with hundreds of women with Moms Demand Action protesting in Pershing Square in Los Angeles and a smaller protest in Bakersfield.(Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.)• Companies like Twitter have been trying to eliminate automated accounts. And yet, bots sent out hundreds of posts about gun control after the school shooting. [The New York Times]• Top U.S.A. Swimming executives, board members and other officials were aware of sexually predatory coaches for years, but did not take action against them. As a result, hundreds of young victims suffered. [The Orange County Register]• It was just before 6 a.m. when officers maneuvered their sport-utility vehicles in front of a Los Angeles apartment building. A look inside an immigration roundup. [The Wall Street Journal]• Even as millions of dollars flow in from two ballot measures, Los Angeles County’s homeless problem is getting worse. [The Los Angeles Times]• Utility officials say preventing power-line wildfires will be costly. Should rural customers who live in high-risk areas have to pay more? [San Francisco Chronicle]• When prosecutors charged 13 Russians and three companies with executing a scheme to commit election fraud, they singled out Facebook, saying Russians repeatedly used the platform to sow discord in the United States. [The New York Times]• A growing number of tech companies are their putting research labs and other engineers close to wherever the boss sits. It’s because what they’re doing really matters. [The New York Times]• The rich have always feared robbery and extortion. Now, big holders of Bitcoin and other virtual currencies have become alluring targets for criminals. [The New York Times]• The director of “Black Panther,” Ryan Coogler, is an Oakland native. But there’s another connection to consider: The city is also the birthplace of the Black Panther Party. [KQED]• The film smashed box office records over the weekend. [The New York Times]• At the N.B.A. All-Star Game in Los Angeles, you could see that the players actually cared — and that’s a sign of progress. [The New York Times]• The Padres have signed Eric Hosmer to an eight-year, $144 million contract. He was widely believed to be the prize of this free-agent class. [The New York Times]• Liz Swaney, a Berkeley alum from Oakland, had some, uh, puzzlingly pedestrian runs at the Olympics. So how’d she qualify? [The Mercury News]• In a place as manic and transient as Los Angeles can sometimes be, where you shop for groceries may be more important than you think. Simply mastering your neighborhood Ralphs can help you feel connected to a place. [Los Angeles Magazine]Are you still obsessing over Cronuts? Or cruffins, perhaps? Those are so 2013.Behold, instead, the latest Instagram-ready food mash-up: the “Tacro” — a croissant-taco hybrid available at Vive La Tarte’s Ferry Building kiosk in San Francisco.“It started as a fun internal project,” Arnaud Goethals, the co-owner of Vive La Tarte said in an email. “We challenged our team to create a savory croissant to pair with their favorite flavors. After several weeks and many variations, the Tacro was born.”Mr. Goethals did not respond directly to a question about whether the cruffin and Cronut inspired his team’s Tacro. But he did note that there are three varieties: “pulled pork and pineapple”; “Chile chicken and avocado”; and “B.B.Q. jackfruit.” A breakfast Tacro, Mr. Goethals said, is also on the way.Tacros are available from 11 a.m. on, but be warned: Mr. Goethals said they usually sell out by 2 p.m.California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Russian trolls, the Munich Security Conference and the latest from the Winter Olympics. Here’s the news:• In Washington, the charges against 13 Russians left no doubt that the Kremlin backed Donald Trump in the 2016 election. The question now has shifted to whether the Russian trolls made a difference.Regardless, the indictments have put the president on the defensive. Mr. Trump unleashed a two-day Twitter tirade that was unusually defiant even by his standards.A secretive oligarch known as “Putin’s cook” is among those indicted. The executive, above left, is accused of financing a troll factory. (Some of its former employees described to us what work there was like, and some Americans recounted encounters with trolls.)_____• Theresa May, the British prime minister, wants to negotiate a treaty with the European Union to govern security cooperation after Brexit, even if that meant respecting the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.Mrs. May spoke at an annual security conference in Munich, where our diplomatic correspondent tracked the rise of U.S. doubts about deepened European commitment to self-defense.Also, Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, brandished what he said was part of an Iranian drone and warned that he was ready to go to war if Tehran continued to entrench itself in Syria._____• Turkey’s efforts to repair relations with Europe and the U.S. — undertaken after the threat of losing investment — have been undercut by Ankara’s crackdown on critics.Germany celebrated the return of Deniz Yucel, above, a journalist who had spent a year in detention in Turkey.But a Turkish court also sentenced six Turkish journalists to life in prison, saying they had undermined the country’s constitutional order._____• In the U.S., the children of the “mass shooting generation” are speaking out.They were born into a world reshaped by the 1999 attack at Columbine High School. They grew up practicing active shooter drills — and wondering whether it could happen at their schools.After last week’s school shooting in Florida, students there and across the country responded with loud calls for gun control measures._____• Snowboard or ski?That’s the question for Ester Ledecka of the Czech Republic, the snowboarder whose upset victory in the super-G at the Winter Olympics surprised even herself. She has to decide on her next race this week and expects her ski coach to be “a little pushy” now.Marcel Hirscher of Austria solidified his claim to being the world’s best skier. And with a biathlon gold, Martin Fourcade became France’s greatest Winter Olympian.A Russian curler who won a bronze medal failed a preliminary doping test. Here’s the full medals table, results and schedule.• Big holders of Bitcoin and its brethren have become alluring marks for criminals, with abductions for virtual-currency ransoms occurring from Thailand to Ukraine. (Above, a cryptocurrency hardware wallet.)• The Trump administration’s proposed punitive tariffs on steel and aluminum imports could prompt swift retaliation from China and the European Union. (Many U.S. economists, including an adviser to President George W. Bush, are skeptical.)• WeWork has an audacious, possibly delusional plan to transform not just the way we work and live, but the very world we live in. So far, it seems to be working.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets and a look at what could move them this week. (U.S. markets are closed for Presidents’ Day today.)• We reconstructed how four U.S. soldiers, four soldiers from Niger and an interpreter were killed in a conflict in Africa that few Americans knew about last year. Their deaths have reignited a debate in the U.S. over the sprawling wars American troops fight around the world. [The New York Times]• Iran is investigating the crash of a commercial plane that went down about 780 kilometers south of Tehran, killing all 66 people on board. [The New York Times]• With help from Russia and Serbia, the Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Dodik wants to carve up Bosnia-Herzegovina. “People here don’t want to be in Bosnia anymore,” he said. [The New York Times]• A leading Catalan separatist, Anna Gabriel, has traveled to Switzerland, raising doubts over whether she will appear in court in Madrid this week to face possible sedition charges. [The New York Times]• The Islamic State claimed responsibility for a man’s attack on a church in the Russian region of Dagestan, in which he killed at least five people. [The New York Times]• The Belgian government is determined to avoid large-scale migrant camps in Brussels but at a loss over how to deal with the growing number of Sudanese migrants. [The New York Times]• Pope Francis reactivated an abuse commission after his defense of a Chilean bishop accused of covering up sexual abuse prompted the greatest crisis of his pontificate. [The New York Times]• Airbnb vows to tackle sex trafficking amid concerns that its short-term rentals can be used as “pop-up brothels.” [Reuters Foundation]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Here’s how to break up with your phone.• Our best travel tips to make the most of a getaway to China.• Embrace meatless Monday with a vegetable stir-fry.• A group of American activists called the Valve Turners decided to fight global warming by doing whatever it takes.• At the Baftas, the British equivalent of the Oscars, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” won big. (Our critic was less enthusiastic.)• The artist Günter Brus’s “actions” galvanized Austria in the 1960s. As an exhibition marks the artist’s 80th birthday, a far-right resurgence has given his work new relevance.• In the late 19th century, sanatoriums opened in remote locations across Europe, promising fresh air and a temporary withdrawal from life. Those that remain feel more relevant than ever.• The chef Yotam Ottolenghi begins a new series of columns on how to take favorite ingredients in both sophisticated and simple directions, with salmon.When “The Feminine Mystique” started flying off the shelves, Betty Friedan’s publisher assumed that her husband had bought all the copies.The assumption encapsulated why she wrote the book, published on this day in 1963. It went on to sell more than three million copies worldwide by 2000.Helping to ignite the women’s liberation movement in the U.S. in the ’60s, the book tackled what Friedan, above, called “the problem that has no name,” a dissatisfaction among women, like herself, who were defined only by their roles as wives and mothers.The book’s premise was a “damning indictment,” a Times review said in 1963.Friedan used her success to advocate feminist causes and helped found the National Organization for Women and other groups. She died in 2006, on her 85th birthday.Though the book is held up as essential feminist reading, it has come under fire for its lack of diversity and inclusivity.But 20 years after “The Feminine Mystique” was published, Friedan wrote in The Times: “I am still awed by the revolution that book helped spark. That I was able to put it together at the time it was needed is something of a mystery to me.”Anna Schaverien contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.Good morning. Here’s what you need to know:• In the U.S., indictments secured by the special counsel against more than a dozen Russians and three companies over interference in the 2016 elections have put President Trump on the defensive.Mr. Trump said that President Barack Obama had not done enough to stop the interference, and despite his frequent assertions that Russia had not meddled, denied ever having said so.As our chief White House correspondent points out, the national struggle against Moscow is leaderless.And what digital instruments did the Russians use to stir discord? Facebook and Instagram._____• With just a week to go in the Winter Olympics, the story lines are running hot.Nao Kodaira of Japan, who missed gold in the 1,000-meter speedskating races by less than a second, won the 500 meters. It was the eighth speedskating event, but the first won by an athlete not born in the Netherlands.And a Russian curler who won a bronze medal failed a preliminary doping test.Here’s the full Olympic medals table, results and schedule. You can sign up here for behind-the-scenes messages from our editor Sam at the Games._____• Two disrupters in Asian politics:Malaysia’s 92-year-old former prime minister wants his old job back. Mahathir Mohamad, above, is cozying up to opposition figures he once repressed to try to supplant the current prime minister, his former protégé Najib Razak.And Taro Kono, 55, is bringing a maverick streak to Japan’s usually stodgy political arena. The foreign minister tweets pictures of macarons, pokes fun at himself on social media and doesn’t always toe the governing party’s conservative line._____• Major tensions roiled an annual security conference wrapping up in Munich, Germany.Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, brandished what he said was part of an Iranian drone shot down by Israel and warned that he was ready to go to war if Tehran continued to entrench itself in Syria.And our chief diplomatic correspondent tracked the rise of U.S. doubts about one of its own pet projects: a deepened European commitment to self-defense. The concerns include that U.S. military manufacturers might suffer._____• In the U.S., the “mass shooting generation” is speaking out.They were born into a world reshaped by the 1999 attack at Columbine High School in Colorado. They grew up practicing active shooter drills — and wondering whether it could happen at their schools.After last week’s school shooting in Florida, students there and across the country responded with loud calls for gun control measures._____• “An endless war without boundaries, no limitation on time or geography. We don’t know exactly where we’re at in the world militarily and what we’re doing.”That was a senior member of the U.S. Congress, after an attack in Niger in October that left four American and five Nigerien soldiers dead. The mangled operation has revived debates in Washington on the sprawling war against jihadist groups that began after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.Our team did a deep dive on what happened. Dozens of interviews with officials, soldiers who survived and village witnesses point to intelligence failures and miscalculations that left the soldiers in hostile territory with no backup.• “Black Panther” smashed records with a global box office of $387 million on its opening weekend in most markets, disproving the idea that movies rooted in black culture cannot be blockbusters. (The film reaches Japan and China in March.)• President Trump’s eldest son arrives today in India, the Trump Organization’s biggest — and possibly most star-struck — market. He aims to help sell more than $1 billion in luxury residential units being built with local partners.• Big holders of Bitcoin and its brethren have become alluring marks for criminals, with abductions for virtual-currency ransoms occurring from Thailand to Ukraine.• India’s Reliance Industries and a group of global tech companies that includes Cisco, Dell, Nokia and others will invest more than $9.3 billion to set up an industrial area in Maharashtra State.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets. U.S. and many Asian exchanges are closed for holidays.• Iran is investigating the crash of on a commercial plane that went down about 485 miles south of Tehran, killing all 66 people on board. [The New York Times]• “The holiest of sites.” Damage is still being assessed after a fire ravaged a 1,400-year-old Buddhist temple complex in Lhasa, Tibet. No injuries were reported. [The New York Times]• A new U.S. study shows that petroleum-based chemicals in deodorants, perfumes and soap emit harmful pollution at levels comparable to cars and trucks. [The New York Times]• In Pakistan, a serial killer was sentenced to death for the rape and murder of a 7-year-old girl. The case put a spotlight on child sexual abuse in the country. [The New York Times]• A Lunar New Year show televised to millions in China set off a flood of outrage with caricatures featuring blackface and African men in animal suits. [The New York Times]• Malaysia’s government apologized for a “technical error” after it took out a full-page ad to celebrate the Lunar New Year featuring a barking rooster. (The Year of the Dog has superseded the Year of the Rooster.) [Malay Mail]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Here’s how to break up with your phone.• Our best travel tips to make the most of a getaway to China.• Embrace meatless Monday with a vegetable stir-fry.• The rebooted N.B.A. All-Star Game is just hours away. This year, rivals LeBron James and Stephen Curry picked their teams as if captains on the playground. The game begins at 8 p.m. Sunday Eastern, noon Monday in Sydney. Here’s a guide to streaming with guidance for those outside the U.S.• Kengo Kuma, the Japanese architect, is poised for fame with the National Stadium for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Yet it’s his least characteristic work, and will arrive trailing controversy.• And in India, Hijras, who include transgender and intersex people, occupy a special place in Hinduism, but their role in modern Mumbai remains fraught.When “The Feminine Mystique” started flying off the shelves, Betty Friedan’s publisher assumed that her husband had bought all the copies.The assumption encapsulated why she wrote the book, published on this day in 1963. It went on to sell more than three million copies worldwide by 2000.Helping to ignite the women’s liberation movement in the U.S. in the ’60s, the book tackled what Friedan, above, called “the problem that has no name,” a dissatisfaction among women, like herself, who were defined only by their roles as wives and mothers.The book’s premise was a “damning indictment,” a Times review said in 1963.Friedan used her success to advocate feminist causes and helped found the National Organization for Women and other groups. She died in 2006, on her 85th birthday.Though the book is held up as essential feminist reading, it has come under fire for its lack of diversity and inclusivity.But 20 years after “The Feminine Mystique” was published, Friedan wrote in The Times: “I am still awed by the revolution that book helped spark. That I was able to put it together at the time it was needed is something of a mystery to me.”Anna Schaverien contributed reporting. _____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.