LONDON —  A growing number of internet companies are banning cryptocurrency advertising, fearing reputational damage if their users are duped or left penniless, even as regulators struggle to get to grips with the fast-emerging industry.Twitter on Tuesday began blocking crypto ads, becoming the latest internet giant to crack down after moves by Alphabet's Google  and Facebook earlier this year.Once restricted to small online chatrooms for early bitcoin backers, cryptocurrencies have since exploded in popularity and the industry has grown rapidly.Huge billboards promoting the latest coin hang over Tokyo's streets, ads touting crypto-trading dot the London underground network, and social media platforms are full of start-ups looking to raise capital through "initial coin offerings" (ICOs), as the selling of new virtual tokens is known.While regulators have stepped up their warnings about the risks to consumers of investing in cryptocurrencies and the potential for scams, in most jurisdictions they are only beginning to discuss publicly how they might regulate the industry, let alone frame advertising rules.Last week, the G20 group of nations failed to agree on specific regulatory action.So companies are taking matters into their own hands."If internet companies were not already under pressure from regulators for their loose control of data privacy, they probably would not ban advertising from cryptos, which are still a gray area for many regulators," said Arnaud Masset, a crypto-currency analyst at Swissquote Bank.Snapchat in February started removing adverts for ICOs - which regulators say lack transparency and are susceptible to fraud - a spokesperson told Reuters.The company declined to comment on whether it would widen the ban to include individual cryptocurrencies, crypto-wallets and unregistered exchanges, as other technology giants have done.LinkedIn is blocking crypto-related ads, a spokesman said, although owner Microsoft does allow adverts on its other platforms.AROUND THE WORLDAcross Asia, where the crypto frenzy is at its most feverish, firms are also restricting advertising.China outlawed cryptocurrency exchanges and ICOs last year. Chinese internet titans Baidu, Tencent, and Weibo followed suit by curbing ads shortly after.While Japan's government and regulators have embraced cryptocurrencies as a phenomenon that is here to stay, sentiment was hit by a $530 million cyber heist of an exchange in January.Prime time TV advertising subsequently fell, billboards on Tokyo's transport network were cut back and online companies are responding with changes to their advertising policies.Line, Japan's most popular social media site and messaging app, does not allow crypto-related advertising. The policy is designed to protect customers and avoid legal risks, it says.The country's financial watchdog, meanwhile, has asked the crypto industry's new self-regulatory body to draw up advertising rules. It has not stipulated what it wants to see but it is likely that Japanese exchanges will not be allowed to mention specific currencies when advertising, while TV promotions for ICOs could be banned altogether, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.A spokesman for Yahoo Japan said the search engine was reviewing its policy in light of the changing environment.Russian search site Yandex said it had not carried crypto ads for "a long time".While online companies are prohibiting ads, there is less evidence that traditional advertising routes are under threat.London's metro system is plastered with advertising promoting crypto-trading. Transport for London did not respond to requests for comment about its policy on advertising.The slump in virtual currency prices this year has not rattled British punters lured in by adverts, however: A spokesman for Britain's Advertising Standards Authority said it had to date received fewer than 10 complaints about crypto ads.LITTLE IMPACTCryptocurrencies, unlike most securities, do not confer ownership in the underlying business, which is partly why advertising is not currently governed in conjunction with financial authorities.Also, regulators are reluctant to rush to impose rules on cryptocurrencies as they examine the possible benefits of the Blockchain technology underpinning them.Many analysts expect the likes of Google and Facebook to loosen blanket bans once authorities provide guidance on how virtual currencies and the infrastructure around them will be treated.Christie Dennehy-Neil at the Internet Advertising Bureau, a British trade body, said large online platforms often introduce policies that take "a judgment more broadly than advertising" to protect their reputation.She said that the ideal case "would be for a product to be regulated and for there to be sector-specific rules for advertising". But without regulation in place, companies were sensible to act on their own accord, she added.Crypto supporters argue the bans will have little impact.In China, which tried to stamp out crypto trading through a crackdown last year, investing in the sector remains popular.Also, while promotions on Twitter and Facebook may appeal to new would-be buyers, investor conversations have shifted to other platforms and chatrooms where advertising is still permitted or where information on new coins is spread by word of mouth.The price of bitcoin <BTC=BTSP> fell heavily after the Facebook ads ban announcement, but the reaction to similar moves by Google and Twitter since then was muted."Interest in cryptocurrency and ICOs remains undiminished even in China," said Zennon Kapron at Shanghai-based financial consultancy Kapronasia."The decentralized nature of cryptocurrencies and investors means that it remains relatively straightforward to access information about, and invest."In an indication of the strength of that interest, while Line may not allow any related advertising, it is currently applying for a license in Japan to operate its own cryptocurrency exchange.(Additional reporting by Thomas Wilson in TOKYO, Maria Kiselyova and Polina Ivanova in MOSCOW and Dahee Kim in SEOUL; Editing by Sujata Rao and Hugh Lawson)Season 22 of “The Bachelor” ends with a final rose ceremony. And the food-focused drama “Delicious” returns to Acorn TV.THE BACHELOR 8 p.m. on ABC. This season’s bachelor may not be a fan favorite, but that hasn’t stopped viewers from tuning into the reality show. In this three-hour season finale, the racecar driver turned real estate agent Arie Luyendyk Jr. introduces the final two contestants, Becca Kufrin and Lauren Burnham, to his parents and decides who will become his bride to be. Despite last week’s unexpected appearance by Ms. Kufrin’s ex-boyfriend, the series “is a self-sustaining ecosystem with few surprises,” wrote Carla Correa of The New York Times, who spent a day engrossed in Bachelor Nation.CLEOPATRA 8 p.m. on Smithsonian. Historians recount the remarkable life of the Egyptian queen in this two-part dramatic reconstruction. The first episode covers Cleopatra’s upbringing under the violent and incestuous Ptolemaic dynasty, her ascension to ruler by the age of 21 and her efforts to save the dynasty, and Egypt, by seducing Julius Caesar.DIVIDED STATES 9 p.m. on A&E. This new documentary series revisits acts of racial violence across the United States and Europe and looks at communities’ efforts to tackle the problem. These first two episodes focus on an altercation at a Pennsylvania high school prompted by a racist Snapchat video, and a verbal attack on a Portland, Ore., train that turned deadly.SHIFTING GEARS WITH AARON KAUFMAN 10:17 p.m. on Discovery. The car guru Aaron Kaufman returns to Discovery with this new series filmed out of his shop in Dallas, where he’ll be customizing Ford F100 trucks with a team of handpicked builders.DELICIOUS on Acorn TV. Binge-watchers can zip through this British drama in no time. Iain Glen (“Game of Thrones”) stars as a celebrity chef in Cornwall who becomes entangled in a love triangle with his ex-wife, Gina (Dawn French), also an accomplished chef, and his second wife, Sam (Emilia Fox). The first season took an unexpected turn in the finale (no spoilers here). The second season picks up with Gina and Sam running the successful Penrose Hotel, where a professional decision on Sam’s part tests their working relationship.THE NEW RADICAL (2017) on iTunes, Amazon and Hulu. The self-described techno-anarchist Cody Wilson made headlines in 2015, when he sued the State Department over his downloadable instructions for building a 3-D printable gun. The government threatened him with jail time and million-dollar fines; Mr. Wilson pushed back by claiming his gun design is constitutionally protected free speech. Mr. Wilson then teamed with Amir Taaki, an English programmer, to create a controversial Bitcoin application that encrypts transactions. This documentary by the director Adam Bhala Lough delves into the pair’s work and ideals. “It’s possible to fully, and vehemently, disagree with Mr. Wilson and Mr. Taaki yet still see their points,” Ken Jaworowski wrote in The Times. “That can make ‘The New Radical’ unsettling. It also makes it a film worth watching.”Until last week, the comedian and television creator Donald Glover was working on an animated series for FX about the Marvel superhero Deadpool, a violent mercenary character known for his wisecracks and toilet humor.By this week, the project had been canceled and Mr. Glover was on Twitter publicly raising more questions about what led to his departure from the show.The project, planned as a 10-episode run for the FXX channel and announced in May, was to have been a collaboration with Mr. Glover’s brother Stephen, another pairing of the siblings behind the show “Atlanta,” which airs on FX. (FXX is FX’s sister channel, and both are owned by 21st Century Fox.)But on Saturday, FX, citing “creative differences,” announced that the project had been canceled. Its statement said the Glovers had agreed to part ways with the network and with Marvel television.In an article about the announcement, Variety said the show “may have been a casualty of Donald Glover’s packed schedule.”Mr. Glover, who also releases music under the name Childish Gambino, disputed that characterization in a tweet thread on Wednesday: “For the record: I wasn’t too busy to work on ‘Deadpool,’” he said.He then posted pages of a script that used the Deadpool character — who is known for speaking to readers or moviegoers directly — to think through the cancellation.In the script, which is filled with pop culture references, including several that allude to events from the last few days, Deadpool considers whether racism was a factor in the cancellation and remarks upon specific scripts that may have alienated the Glovers’ collaborators.Mr. Glover’s tweet thread was a remarkable way to shed a light upon industry drama that does not often reach social media, a public statement in the form of a puzzle in the form of a script that both confounded and intrigued his fans.The actor had recently given an interview to The New Yorker in which he commented extensively on his relationship with FX while working on “Atlanta,” a critically acclaimed show that has won two Golden Globes and two Emmys. In it, he suggested that the network did not understand the show’s characters and that he had to mislead the network to get his vision on the air.But John Solberg, a network spokesman for FX, said that no one at the network had taken issue with those comments and that the unraveling of the Deadpool project had nothing to do with the interview. He said that the network had supported the brothers’’s vision for the show but that Marvel owned the intellectual property rights to the Deadpool character and had decided to go a different way. He also emphasized that there was no acrimony between FX and Marvel, and said that creative differences often led to projects falling apart.The 14-page script Mr. Glover posted to Twitter was labeled if it were the series finale of the canceled show. Halfway through the story, Deadpool, who seems throughout as if he may be speaking for Mr. Glover, addresses the show’s cancellation directly.“You know, I’m not mad about this whole ‘canceled thing,’” the script reads. “I actually think it’s a good thing. I mean, is it even a good time to have a violent, gun loving white man ranting on TV?”There is a brief pause, and the script continues: “Other than the PRESIDENT!”Deadpool then considers the factors that may have led to the show’s cancellation. He wonders whether it could have been canceled because of racism. He then begins to mention what may have been specific episodes written by the Glovers, including one about goat yoga (a real thing), another that included the singer Taylor Swift, and a third in which a character makes a rude joke about people who buy Marvel toys.Marvel declined to comment. Mr. Glover did not respond to emails.The script, which says it was written by Mr. Glover, includes several references to recent news events: jokes about the rise of bitcoin and Facebook’s recent privacy scandal, as well as digs at Ben Carson and President Trump. It takes mild shots at the rappers Rich the Kid and 6ix9ine. (A recurring gag is that the characters to whom Deadpool is speaking do not understand his references to black culture.)Deadpool also refers to the police killing of Stephon Clark in Sacramento this month and to a GQ magazine article published Monday that related a story about an anonymous female celebrity said to have bitten Beyoncé.After retiring from the NFL a little more than a year ago, Evan Mathis decided to move closer to where he grew up in Alabama.And to get the kind of house he and his wife wanted, Mathis needed to free up some money. And that meant the avid sports card collector would have to part with his prized possession: a 1952 Mickey Mantle baseball card."Just that image of the young Mickey Mantle, over the years it's been a centerpiece of the hobby," Mathis told The Associated Press by phone. "I guess it's kind of like the Mona Lisa of the sports card world."Issued as part of its first set of baseball cards by Topps, the Mantle card is the marquee piece of a card-only spring collection by Heritage Auctions. It is one of six versions of the card to have been rated a Mint 9 by PSA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, with three others having earned a Mint 10 rating.The card has been estimated by Heritage to be valued at $3.5 million. For comparison, the highest price paid for a card at auction was $3.12 million two years ago for a 1909 Honus Wagner card."It's what I consider the new face of card collecting," said Chris Ivy, Heritage's director of sports auctions. "For decades it's been the (Wagner card). For post-war (World War II) cards and the baby-boomer generation and beyond, it really does come down to this '52 Topps rookie Mickey Mantle card, which has kind of moved from just sports collecting to more of Americana."Ivy attributes the high value of the card Mathis is selling due to its centering, strong corners and print quality — a rare combination, considering "quality control wasn't the top issue" for Topps in the 1950s."The fact that this one came out of the factory in strong condition, survived for many decades in that same condition, didn't get put in spokes or thrown away by mom is pretty miraculous," Ivy added.Bidding for items in the collection, which also includes cards from the 19th century, ends April 20.Mathis was a third-round pick by Carolina in the 2005 NFL draft. He retired in January 2017 after 12 seasons as an offensive guard with the Panthers, Miami, Cincinnati, Philadelphia, Denver and Arizona. He was on the Broncos team that won Super Bowl 50.He got into card collecting as a kid growing up a fan of Bo Jackson in Birmingham, Alabama, in the late 1980s. Jackson, who had attended high school in nearby McCalla before starring in football and baseball at Auburn, was a two-sport professional for the NFL's Los Angeles Raiders and baseball's Kansas City Royals. Mathis, about 6 years old then, started going to the store to buy packs of cards to get as many of Jackson as he could.By his recollection, Mathis got away from the hobby around the time he was in middle school before picking it up again years later when his own NFL career was progressing and he could afford some of the cards he couldn't earlier. He was drawn to the 1952 Mantle card and bought several versions of the card inferior to the one he currently owns, and his best was a Mint 8 until about two years ago. That's when a collector friend sent him a photo of his Mint 9 to show it off, and Mathis knew he had to have it.Mathis said he traded the "vast majority" of his collection and agreed to a payment plan for rest of the value to get the card. Now, he's moving with his wife, Katelynn, and their two daughters from Arizona to Tennessee to be close to family, and needed to free up some money."I don't think I'll have any regrets because I'll have a nice house to show for it instead of the card," he said.Looking to expand the pool of potential buyers, Mathis is willing to accept cryptocurrency such as bitcoin as payment."A lot of new money was created in crypto," Mathis said. "There's a lot of people that might have some newfound riches that they might want to diversify with, and I just kind of wanted to spread the target market out a little bit and give those guys a chance to jump in."While Mathis is selling the card he owns now, he hasn't given up on the thought of acquiring one of the Mint 10 versions one day."It's not within my grasp at the moment," he said. "It's something to work for."___I don’t need to tell you that something is wrong with social media.You’ve probably experienced it yourself. Maybe it’s the way you feel while scrolling through your Twitter feed — anxious, twitchy, a little world weary — or your unease when you see a child watching YouTube videos, knowing she’s just a few algorithmic nudges away from a rabbit hole filled with lunatic conspiracies and gore. Or maybe it was this month’s Facebook privacy scandal, which reminded you that you’ve entrusted the most intimate parts of your digital life to a profit-maximizing surveillance machine.Our growing discomfort with our largest social platforms is reflected in polls. One recently conducted by Axios and SurveyMonkey found that all three of the major social media companies — Facebook, Twitter and Google, which shares a parent company with YouTube — are significantly less popular with Americans than they were five months ago. (And Americans might be the lucky ones. Outside the United States, social media is fueling real-world violence and empowering autocrats, often with much less oversight.)But it would be a mistake to throw up our hands and assume that it has to be this way. The original dream of social media — producing healthy discussions, unlocking new forms of creativity, connecting people to others with similar interests — shouldn’t be discarded because of the failures of the current market leaders. And lots of important things still happen on even the most flawed networks. The West Virginia teachers’ strike and last weekend’s March for Our Lives, for example, were largely organized on Facebook and Twitter.The primary problem with today’s social networks is that they’re already too big, and are trapped inside a market-based system that forces them to keep growing. Facebook can’t stop monetizing our personal data for the same reason that Starbucks can’t stop selling coffee — it’s the heart of the enterprise.Many of the fixes being proposed involve regulation. The Honest Ads Act, a bill in the Senate, would require greater transparency for online political ads. The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, which goes into effect in May, aims to give users greater control of their digital information trails.But these efforts don’t touch the underlying problems, and in fact could make it harder for start-ups to compete with the giants.If we’re really serious about changing how social networks operate, far more radical interventions are required. Here are three possible ways to rescue social media from the market-based pressures that got us here.In their book “New Power,” which comes out next week, Jeremy Heimans and Henry Timms write about the struggle between centralized, top-down institutions, which represent “old power,” and decentralized, bottom-up movements, which represent “new power.”Facebook, they write, is an example of a new power institution that serves old power interests. It harvests the creative output of billions of people and turns it into a giant, centralized enterprise, with most users sharing none of the economic value they create and getting no say in the platform’s governance.Instead, the authors ask, what if a social network was truly run by its users?“If you’re contributing economic value to something of this much social consequence, you should share in the value you’re creating,” Mr. Heimans told me.Nathan Schneider, a professor of media studies at the University of Colorado, had a similar idea in 2016, when he proposed that Twitter users band together to buy the platform from its shareholders and convert it into a user-run collective, similar to the way a local credit union is run. People who made valuable contributions to the network, such as employees and power users, would receive bigger stakes and more voting power. And users would have a seat at the table for major decisions about the platform’s operations.It’s exceedingly unlikely that Mark Zuckerberg, who has fought hard to keep control of Facebook, will ever convert the company into a user-owned and run collective. But Mr. Schneider believes that giving more control to responsible users could help restore trust in the network, and signal the kind of values Mr. Zuckerberg says he wants Facebook to represent.“He could show that he takes democracy seriously enough to start with his own baby,” Mr. Schneider said.Another radical approach would be to make social networks work more like email — so that independent apps could seamlessly work together with one another, across a common protocol.Instead of one big Facebook, a federated social network would look like clusters of independent nodes — Mombook and Athletebook and Gamerbook — all of which could be plugged into the umbrella network when it made sense. Rather than requiring a one-size-fits-all set of policies that apply to billions of users, these nodes could be designed to reflect users’ priorities. (A network for privacy hawks and one for open-sharing maximalists could have different data-retention rules, and a network for L.G.B.T. users and one for evangelical pastors could have different hate speech rules.) If a node became too toxic, it could be removed without shutting down the entire network.“Email is the most resilient social network on the internet,” Mr. Schneider said, “and the thing that allows it to adapt is that it’s an open protocol, and people build apps on top of it, and we evolve how we use it.”Versions of this kind of network already exist. Mastodon, a decentralized Twitter-like social network, has gotten more than a million registered users since its debut in 2016. And various social networks based on the blockchain — the ledger system that underlies virtual currencies like Bitcoin — have sprung up in recent months.To be sure, decentralized networks have their own problems. They’re messy to administer, and they can still be gamed by bad actors. They can also fall prey to the same kind of privacy issues that Facebook is being criticized for. (In fact, part of the reason users are angry at Facebook right now is that the company’s data infrastructure was too open, and made it overly simple for third-party app developers to take user information outside Facebook.)None of this is a panacea. But experimenting with more decentralized models could give social media users a sense that platforms represented their interests, rather than those of a faceless corporation.A single friend of mine once remarked that the major difference among dating apps like OKCupid, Tinder and Bumble wasn’t the way they were designed or the companies behind them — it was how long they had existed.New apps, she said, were more likely to attract interesting and smart people who were actually looking for dates. Older apps, by contrast, were eventually overrun with creeps and predators, no matter how well built they were.A similar theory might apply to social networks. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and Snapchat all had plenty of issues in their early years, but they were by and large cleaner, with fewer types of exploitation and malicious behavior. Today, the enormous size and influence of these platforms have made them irresistible honey pots for bad actors, and many of our “social graphs” — Facebook’s term for the webs of digital connections we create — are clogged with years’ worth of clutter.In a blog post last year, the venture capitalist Hunter Walk proposed an interesting idea: a legally mandated “start over” button that, when pressed, would allow users of social networks to delete all their data, clear out their feeds and friend lists, and begin with a fresh account.I’d go even further, and suggest that social networks give their users an automatic “self-cleaning” option, which would regularly clear their profiles of apps they no longer used, friendships and followers they no longer interacted with, and data they no longer needed to store. If these tools were enabled, users would need to take affirmative action if they didn’t want their information to disappear after a certain number of months or years.Making social graphs temporary, rather than preserving them forever by default, would undoubtedly be bad for most social networks’ business models. But it could create new and healthy norms around privacy and data hygiene, and it would keep problems from piling up as networks get older and more crowded. It might even recapture some of the magic of the original social networks, when things were fresh and fascinating, and not quite so scary.ATLANTA — The City of Atlanta’s 8,000 employees got the word on Tuesday that they had been waiting for: It was O.K. to turn their computers on.But as the city government’s desktops, hard drives and printers flickered back to life for the first time in five days, residents still could not pay their traffic tickets or water bills online, or report potholes or graffiti on a city website. Travelers at the world’s busiest airport still could not use the free Wi-Fi.Atlanta’s municipal government has been brought to its knees since Thursday morning by a ransomware attack — one of the most sustained and consequential cyberattacks ever mounted against a major American city.The digital extortion aimed at Atlanta, which security experts have linked to a shadowy hacking crew known for its careful selection of targets, laid bare once again the vulnerabilities of governments as they rely on computer networks for day-to-day operations. In a ransomware attack, malicious software cripples a victim’s computer or network and blocks access to important data until a ransom is paid to unlock it.“We are dealing with a hostage situation,” Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms said this week.The assault on Atlanta, the core of a metropolitan area of about six million people, represented a serious escalation from other recent cyberattacks on American cities, like one last year in Dallas where hackers gained the ability to set off tornado sirens in the middle of the night.Part of what makes the attack on Atlanta so pernicious are the criminals behind it: A group that locks up its victims’ files with encryption, temporarily changes their file names to “I’m sorry” and gives the victims a week to pay up before the files are made permanently inaccessible.Threat researchers at Dell SecureWorks, the Atlanta-based security firm helping the city respond to the ransomware attack, identified the assailants as the SamSam hacking crew, one of the more prevalent and meticulous of the dozens of active ransomware attack groups. The SamSam group is known for choosing targets that are the most likely to accede to its high ransom demands — typically the Bitcoin equivalent of about $50,000 — and for finding and locking up the victims’ most valuable data.In Atlanta, where officials said the ransom demand amounted to about $51,000, the group left parts of the city’s network tied in knots. Some major systems were not affected, including those for 911 calls and control of wastewater treatment. But other arms of city government have been scrambled for days.The Atlanta Municipal Court has been unable to validate warrants. Police officers have been writing reports by hand. The city has stopped taking employment applications.Atlanta officials have disclosed few details about the episode or how it happened. They have urged vigilance and tried to reassure employees and residents that their personal information was not believed to have been compromised.Dell SecureWorks and Cisco Security, which are still working to restore the city’s systems, declined to comment on the attacks, citing client confidentiality.Ms. Bottoms, the mayor, has not said whether the city would pay the ransom.The SamSam group has been one of the more successful ransomware rings, experts said. It is believed to have extorted more than $1 million from some 30 target organizations in 2018 alone.It is not ideal to pay up, but in most cases, SamSam’s victims have said that they can more easily afford the $50,000 or so in ransom than the time and cost of restoring their locked data and compromised systems. In the past year, the group has taken to attacking hospitals, police departments and universities — targets with money but without the luxury of going off-line for days or weeks for restoration work.Investigators are not certain who the SamSam hackers are. Judging from the poor English in the group’s ransom notes, security researchers believe they are probably not native English speakers. But they cannot say for sure whether SamSam is a single group of cybercriminals or a loose hacking collective.Ransomware emerged in Eastern Europe in 2009, when cybercriminals started using malicious code to lock up unsuspecting users’ machines and then demanding 100 euros or similar sums to unlock them again. Over the past decade, dozens of online cybercriminal outfits — and even some nation states, including North Korea and Russia — have taken up similar tactics on a larger scale, inflicting digital paralysis on victims and demanding increasing amounts of money.Cybersecurity experts estimate that criminals made more than $1 billion from ransomware in 2016, according to the F.B.I. Then, last May, came the largest ransomware assault recorded so far: North Korean hackers went after tens of thousands of victims in more than 70 countries around the world, forcing Britain’s public health system to reject patients, paralyzing computers at Russia’s Interior Ministry, at FedEx in the United States, and at shipping lines and telecommunications companies across Europe.A month later, Russian state hackers deployed similar ransomware to paralyze computers in Ukraine on the eve of the country’s independence day. That attack shut down automated teller machines in Kiev, froze government agencies and even forced workers at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant to monitor radiation levels manually. Collateral damage from that attack affected computers at Maersk, the Danish shipping conglomerate; at Merck, the American-based pharmaceutical giant; and even at businesses in Russia.Attempted ransomware attacks against local governments in the United States have become unnervingly common. A 2016 survey of chief information officers for jurisdictions across the country found that obtaining ransom was the most common purpose of cyberattacks on a city or county government, accounting for nearly one-third of all attacks.The survey, conducted by the International City/County Management Association and the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, also found that about one-quarter of local governments reported that they were experiencing attacks of one kind or another, successful or not, at least as often as once an hour.Yet less than half of the local governments surveyed said they had developed a formal cybersecurity policy, and only 34 percent said they had a written strategy to recover from breaches.Experts said government officials needed to be more aggressive about preventive measures, like training employees to spot and sidestep “phishing” attempts meant to trick them into opening the digital door for ransomware.“It’s going to be even more important that local governments look for the no-cost/low-cost, but start considering cybersecurity on the same level as public safety,” said David Jordan, the chief information security officer for Arlington County, Va. “A smart local government will have fire, police and cybersecurity at the same level.”Ms. Bottoms, who took office as mayor of Atlanta in January, acknowledged that shoring up the city’s digital defenses had not been a high priority before, but that now “it certainly has gone to the front of the line.”“As elected officials, it’s often quite easy for us to focus on the things that people see, because at the end of the day, our residents are our customers,” Ms. Bottoms said. “But we have to really make sure that we continue to focus on the things that people can’t see, and digital infrastructure is very important.”During the ransomware attack, local leaders have sometimes been able to do little but chuckle at a predicament that was forcing the city to turn the clock back decades.Asked on Monday how long the city might be able to get by doing its business strictly with ink and paper, Ms. Bottoms replied: “It was a sustainable model until we got computer systems. It worked for many years. And for some of our younger employees, it will be a nice exercise in good penmanship.”Security researchers trying to combat ransomware have noticed a pattern in SamSam’s attacks this year: Some of the biggest have occurred around the 20th of the month.Allan Liska, a senior intelligence analyst at Recorded Future who has been tracking the group, said in an interview that he believed that SamSam gains access to its victims’ systems and then waits for weeks before encrypting the victims’ data. That delay, Mr. Liska said, makes it harder for responders to figure out how the group was able to break in — and easier for SamSam’s hackers to strike twice.The Colorado Department of Transportation was able to restore its systems on its own after a SamSam attack, without paying SamSam a dime. But a week later, the hackers struck the department again, with new, more potent ransomware.“They are constantly learning from their mistakes, modifying their code and then launching the next round of attacks,” Mr. Liska said.Wait, a new season of “RuPaul’s Drag Race,” already? Didn’t we all just watch a finale last week? Why, yes we did — and many of us are still, as the children say, shooketh.One short week ago, Season 3 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race All Stars” ended not with a bang but a limper, as Shangela, the leader in the polls, was thrown under the hot rod by an extralegally installed electoral body-ody-ody of her competitors, clearing the strip for the perfectly lovely but somewhat uninspired Trixie Mattel to hobble across the finish line. (I look forward to Shangela’s book, “What Had Happened Was.”) The herstoric halls were left a disappointing, tepid mess.Fortunately, an especially fierce 14-queen crew arrived Thursday night ready to clean up. Brooms, rubber gloves and sponges swept the workroom and the runway in a season premiere dedicated to celebrating the show’s decaversary by unearthing and dusting off the gritty roots of drag. The past and the episode blasted open with Ru parroting the drag ball M.C. Junior Labeija’s iconic bark, “Tens, tens, tens across the board!”Thankfully not limping was the resurgent Eureka, prematurely ejected from the ninth season thanks to a jump-split-induced knee injury. “Like a phoenix from the ashes, Eureka is back!” she crowed, kissing the purple floor.As the rest of the queens made their catchphrase-addled entrances, the workroom atmosphere was refreshingly sunny, with only the slightest cast of shade.Miz Cracker, one of an unprecedented five New York queens competing this season and a self-identified “Barbie on bath salts,” strutted in and shrieked, “O.K., IT’S TIME FOR DINNERRRR!” to gauge the phrase’s iTunes sales potential. (A decade into this race, the catchphrase-entrance shtick still grates.) She later litigated her admitted racial slur of a name with, “I’m thin, I’m white, and I’m very salty!” to a court of black queens, who nearly lost their eyeballs.The 22-year-old “Broadway queen” Blair St. Clair played the coveted role of Star-to-Be with the aria, “Just got here this morning!” She is precious, if perhaps a bit out of her depth. I’m just glad she made it from the bus from Indianapolis to the Hollywood workroom without being nabbed by cult recruiters.Monét X Change, a New York mainstay, literally swept into the room wearing tearaway coveralls and wielding a broom “to sweep up the competition, girl.” The Hollywood diva Mayhem Miller, who has auditioned “year after year after year,” finally arrived in full Dreamgirls eleganza, and did not wait until eleven o’clock to tell us that she is not going.Chicago’s The Vixen, looking like a drained Sears Tower souvenir snow globe, took a boxer’s stance and announced, “I’m just here to fight.” Is she already positioning herself to be the villain? Why do people still do that? Do villains ever win reality competitions?The first mini-challenge was a classic ball walk down the runway, which was rimmed with queens from seasons past. I see Adore and Detox! And Katya and Raven! I see trans former contestant Peppermint! Wait, Ru recently issued a controversial no-transwomen decree. Did he award her a temporary work visa from the Forbidden Island?Eureka was the first to walk, and she almost fell. Does she need a spotter? Has she been examined for vertigo?Mayhem proved she’s part of the same place and time as the veteran queens with an expert duck walk and pushed, struck and killed a cartwheel in a full length evening gown. “I couldn’t do a cartwheel if four people operated my limbs!” quipped the newly-crowned Hall of Famer Trixie Mattel. (We know, Trixie. Release your tax returns.)Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, the drag daughter of the cross-platform Drag Race superstar Alexis Mateo, impressed with a 360-degree death drop. A coltish Blair cantered down the runway like a Chico State freshman who’s just downed her first appletini, and The Vixen busted her skirt turning an impressive somersault. But Monét went legendary with the powder-puff move made immortal by the late vogueing creator Willi Ninja, and snatched the win.Back in the workroom, the New York queen Dusty Ray Bottoms, her face trademark-punctuated with every period orphaned by her generation’s texts, said, “I was really, really, really trying to spot the booger, but everyone looks (expletive) fierce.” It was an unfortunate metaphor, but it did articulate what we were thinking: This clutch of queens seems unusually strong, and it’s hard to imagine who will be eliminated.The maxi-challenge, a remix of the first challenge from the show’s first episode, “Drag on a Dime,” took us back to the beginnings of both the show and the scrappy art of drag itself. The Pit Crew wheeled in a 99-cent store’s worth of pool noodles, dish sponges and assorted capitalist effluvia, from which the queens cobbled together an impressive array of looks and hit the runway.Before the judging, Ru announced that another queen would be returning. (No, it wasn’t Shangela. She’s walking in the woods.) The competitors visibly blanched as Ru introduced the Season 9 contestant Farrah Moan … who was quickly Ru-vealed to actually be Farrah’s doppelgänger, the guest judge Christina Aguilera. Ms. Aguilera did a quick bit that reminded us why “Burlesque” was her last notable acting job, then pulled out a hand-held mic from seemingly nowhere and did a quick melismatic run. The queens swooned.Mayhem, who crafted a cigarette-girl ensemble out of latex gloves and trash bags, leaked tears when she was named the winner of the challenge. The judge and national treasure Ross Mathews soothed and encouraged her by saying, “This is your time.” I paid my therapist $200 an hour to tell me that when my husband left me, so, Mayhem, consider that money in your bank. Invest in Cambridge Analytica.The bottom two were Kalorie, correctly called on the carpet for her “million dollar dress” of generic Monopoly money hot-glued to an ill-fitting bustier (a fourth-removed cousin of superior cash-fronted gowns of queens past), and Vanessa, spatchcocked by Michelle Visage for her definition-deficient, doll-festooned silk-flower leotard. (“It’s literally a head and legs, and the rest is flowers,” Michelle hissed, somehow turning into an insult the exact phrase I’ve always dreamed a man would use to describe my body.) They were ordered to lip sync for their lives to Ms. Aguilera’s “Ain’t No Other Man.”Kalorie described herself as “the twerking queen,” and she is not wrong. In a coup de grâce, she pulled a fistful of dollar bills from her bustier and made it rain on herself.Vanessa’s lip sync was a bit wan in comparison, and she was, sadly, the first bat to be plucked from the renovated cave. She bravely fought back tears as she sashayed away — I hope this isn’t the last we see of her.Ru declared at the top of the episode that the mission of “Drag Race” is to take over the world, and 10 years in, his coup seems to be just about complete. The show’s stars have millions of fans and fill performance halls in red states, with teenage girls cosplaying as their favorite queens. RuPaul has built a juggernaut on the wigs of queens old enough not just to be this season’s drag mothers, but their birth mothers.But with great power comes great Ru-sponsibility. Drag is currently a cultural Bitcoin, and it seems that in its peaking moment, it will either permanently tuck itself into the mainstream or pop back into the bubbles. Heavy will be the head that eventually wears this season’s crown. But this crop of girls seems especially fun and smart, with good wigs on their padded shoulders, and I trust that one of them will responsibly lead us to the midterms. I look forward to spending my spring in their company.Will Eureka make it through this season on both feet? Will The Vixen collude with a group of Russian drag queens and take the crown in an upset? Will a remake of “Burlesque” starring Farrah Moan and Cher-alike All Star Chad Michaels finally be greenlit?See you next week.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• How foreign is Broadcom?• The markets are worried that free trade has no voice at the White House.• The E.U. formally announced its plan for any Trump tariffs.• Chuck Rosenberg, a former senior official at the Justice Department, is going to Crowell & Moring.Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.As the Trump administration weighs whether to block the chip maker’s $117 billion takeover bid for Qualcomm, a central issue is how much of a threat the deal is to national security. In an effort to assuage concerns, Broadcom pledged Wednesday to increase research spending on 5G wireless tech and to create a $1.5 billion fund to invest in training engineering talent in the United States to help allay those concerns.The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or Cfius, has jurisdiction over the transaction because Broadcom is currently incorporated in Singapore, where the company has been legally headquartered since 2005. But the company is preparing to move its corporate base to the United States, in part to avoid being considered a foreign acquirer.Beyond Broadcom’s legal domicile, though, is it a substantially foreign company? Let’s take a look at a number of factors.SalesFirst, a caveat: Both Broadcom and Qualcomm categorize where their revenue based on the location to which the chips that go in the smartphones and other devices are delivered. As Qualcomm puts it: According to Broadcom’s most recent annual report, roughly 7 percent of its $17.6 billion in net revenue comes from the United States. The single biggest market for the company is China, which accounted for roughly 54 percent of its net revenue. “Other” markets made up nearly 38 percent.As a point of comparison, 2 percent of Qualcomm’s revenues come from the United States. Some 65 percent of its revenue comes from China, including Hong Kong, according to its most recent annual report.EmployeesRoughly 55 percent of Broadcom’s employees are based in North America, according to the annual report. About 38 percent are in Asia, and the remainder work in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. About 52 percent of Qualcomm’s employees are based in the United States.Broadcom also said that about 62 percent of the square footage of its properties, both owned and leased, are in the United States. By contrast, Qualcomm has roughly 56 percent of its owned and leased facilities in the United States.Corporate governanceThe vast majority of Broadcom’s board are American citizens who live in the United States. That includes Jim Diller, its chairman; Henry Samueli, the founder of the original Broadcom; and Ken Hao, the Silver Lake partner who has backed Broadcom for years.Hock Tan, the company’s C.E.O., immigrated to the United States to attend M.I.T. and then Harvard Business School and lives in the San Francisco Bay Area. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1990.Broadcom does have one Singaporean director, Check Low, to comply with Singapore’s corporate rules.OwnershipThe two companies share 11 of their top 20 shareholders, including big index fund managers like BlackRock and Vanguard.— Michael de la MercedPresident Trump’s top economic adviser finally announced he would leave, in a sign that the nationalists have won the White House debate on tariffs.The news prompted Tom Nides, Morgan Stanley’s vice chairman, to utter aloud, “Oh, that’s a problem.”More on Mr. Cohn’s decision from Kate Kelly and Maggie Haberman of the NYT, who broke the news yesterday:Potential replacements, according to Axios: Peter Navarro, the trade adviser who pushed for the tariffs; Kevin Warsh, the former Fed governor; Shahira Knight, a deputy of Mr. Cohn’s; and the pro-free-trade economist Larry Kudlow. But Axios says that there’s no official succession plan, and that other members of the National Economic Council will likely leave (We can rule out Austan Goolsbee.)The timing: CNBC notes that Mr. Cohn’s announcement came hours after Mr. Trump said that “everyone wants to work in the White House.” It also came after Mr. Trump tweeted, “There is no Chaos, only great Energy!”Peter Eavis’s take: Even if there is no plunge, now is a moment for investors to make up their minds about populism.Critics’ corner: The WSJ editorial board said Mr. Cohn’s departure was “a significant blow” to Mr. Trump’s presidency. The NYT editorial board said Mr. Cohn had done “an awful job,” which still probably represented “the high-water mark for economic thinking” for this White House. And his former boss, Lloyd Blankfein, said he had served his country “in a first class way.”The Federal Reserve has helped support the economy when a big event – fears for the survival of the euro, fiscal standoffs in Congress, oil price declines — threatens to dampen growth. But will the Fed have the same leeway to stimulate the economy if rising trade tensions start to weigh on the growth prospects of the United States?Maybe not.The Fed had ample room to keep its policy loose when inflation was dormant for years after the financial crisis. But now that inflation seems to be waking up, the Fed might not have the same flexibility. Indeed, amid the current trade tumult, investors still seem to believe that inflation is moving higher. This can be seen in a closely watched bond market indicator flagged this morning by Lisa Abramowicz of Bloomberg.One outcome: The concerns about a trade war may end up weighing on growth and causing the inflationary pressures to abate. That would give the Fed more room to maneuver, perhaps allowing it to raise interest rates more slowly.But it could get messy. Trade tariffs, applied broadly, could push up the prices of many goods at a time when the Fed has to grapple with the enormous fiscal stimulus that Congress just enacted.- Peter EavisFederal Reserve governor Lael Brainard became the latest policymaker to express confidence that inflation would hit the Fed’s target of 2 percent this year.What are those tailwinds?Ms. Brainard’s comments are notable because she had previously argued vocally for caution in tightening monetary policy.Major stocks indexes in the United States are down a bit. The Dow Jones industrial average and the S.&P. 500 are both off just over 0.5 percent. Futures fell more than 1 percent in the hours after the news broke.Despite the muted response, a number of analysts are warning that investors need to prepare for the possibility that more protectionist/populist policies are on the way. Here’s a look at some reactions:Joe Brusuelas, the chief economist at RSM US, wrote: Brian Gardner and Michael Michaud, analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, wrote: What does that mean? The analysts said they think the United States is more likely than not to withdraw from Nafta.Charlie McElligott at Nomura Securities wrote: But he adds:Between Feb. 12 and Feb. 22, the billionaire investor sold about $31 million of the crane maker's stock.To some, that seemed like good timing.Since the day before he started selling, the stock is down 20 percent. The catalyst? The Trump administration’s plans to slap tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. Manitowoc stock fell 4.8 percent on Feb. 16 when Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross unveiled a report calling for tariffs on imported steel. The company’s shares then dropped 6 percent Thursday when President Trump announced his plan.On Wednesday, Mr. Icahn said he had no knowledge of the Trump administration’s plans when he moved to reduce his holding. In a statement on his website, Mr. Icahn said:The political bloc formally announced its plan to counterattack, including taxing American goods like Harley-Davidsons and bourbon and filing a challenge with the World Trade Organization.Meanwhile, allies continued to fret. South Korea worries that tariffs will complicate its efforts to denuclearize the North. Christine Lagarde of the I.M.F. warned of the perils of a trade war. And fellow Republicans in Washington continued to lobby the White House.The aluminum industry doesn’t want tariffs eitherIn a letter to the White House yesterday, the Aluminum Association (which represents both U.S. and foreign suppliers) said that the move would be a bad idea.Complaints can be heard around the sector. The C.E.O. of Novelis, a big aluminum producer, criticized Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross for saying predictions of price increases were “hysteria.” And DowDuPont said it might now build plants in Canada or Argentina rather than the U.S.Bayer said it is in exclusive talks with BASF about the sale of its entire vegetable seeds business as the German chemicals multinational, seeks to win approval for its $56 billion deal for Monsanto from European regulators.European antitrust regulators opened an in-depth investigation into Bayer’s planned acquisition of Monsanto, its American agribusiness rival, in August. European competition authorities are expected to wrap up their inquiry by early next month.The proposed combination is the latest in a series of mergers in the rapidly consolidating seed and agrochemical sector.Bayer previously agreed to sell selected businesses with its Crop Sciences unit to BASF for 5.9 billion euros, or about $7.3 billion at current exchange rates, in October. Both deals, if one were to be reached on the vegetable seeds business, would be subject to the Monsanto transaction closing.— Chad BrayMr. Rosenberg had a long career in government: twice U.S. attorney, he’s been a longtime senior official at the Justice Department (including as chief of staff to James Comey) and acting head of the Drug Enforcement Administration. Now he is heading to Crowell and Moring as senior counsel in the firm’s white-collar and regulatory-enforcement practice.Philip Inglima, the chairman of Crowell, said of Mr. Rosenberg in a statement:• Some Senate Democrats joined with Republicans to send an overhaul of Dodd-Frank to the floor, setting up a battle over loosening banking regulations. (NYT)• The former C.E.O. of a payday lender investigated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau asked Mick Mulvaney, the regulator’s acting director, for a senior position there. (AP)• An adviser to the U.A.E. with ties to associates of President Trump is cooperating with Robert Mueller, suggesting that the special counsel is looking into whether Emirati money was funneled into his campaign, unnamed sources say. (NYT)• The adult-film star Stormy Daniels asserted in a lawsuit that the president never signed a nondisclosure agreement about the affair she says they had. (NYT)• The Justice Department has sued California over its sanctuary city policies. (NYT)• Smith & Wesson’s parent company said it was wary of smart-gun proposals. (WSJ)It’s 5G, the superfast wireless standard that Washington, Beijing and business think will be transformative. So important is 5G that Cfius disclosed serious national security concerns about Broadcom buying Qualcomm.More from Cecilia Kang and Alan Rappeport of the NYT:As Michael points out, however, much of Cfius’s letter to the two companies focused on how Broadcom could manage Qualcomm if it took over. Its “private equity” cost-cutting could lead to Qualcomm reducing investment in R. & D. and ceding its 5G lead to Huawei of China, according to the letter.Broadcom said this morning that it was committed to advancing 5G and that it is an American company in everything but legal headquarters.More on Huawei: It’s the Chinese tech company that Washington fears the most, even if other companies don’t.Another take, from DealBook’s friend Steven Davidoff Solomon:The onetime king of messaging devices has accused Facebook of violating its patents in Facebook Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp.More from Ahmed Farhatha of Reuters:Facebook says that it will fight the lawsuit and added, “BlackBerry’s suit sadly reflects the current state of its messaging business.”Today in virtual currencies: Coinbase is creating an index fund including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ether and Litecoin. A federal judge ruled that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission can regulate digital money. And rich people are investing in Bitcoin without understanding it.The tech flyaround• Conservatives are increasingly targeting tech giants: The man behind “Clinton Cash” is producing a documentary on Facebook and Google. (NYT)• Uber’s self-driving trucks have been making deliveries around Arizona, but they’re not ready to replace human drivers. And European automakers are preparing for an electric future, but skepticism remains.• Scientists are trying to figure out how machines learn on their own. The vast majority of Americans expect artificial intelligence to lead to job losses in the coming decade, but, like bricklayers, few see it coming for their own position.• The idea of Facebook paying us for our puppy pictures may sound crazy, but it’s gaining momentum. (NYT)• Data centers have helped revitalize cities like Prineville, Oreg. (NYT)• UiPath, an automation software company, has raised $153 million in a Series B round of funding led by Accel, CapitalG and Kleiner Perkins. (UiPath)• HQ Trivia raised new funding at a $100 million valuation, and its co-founder, Colin Kroll, apologized for his behavior when he worked at Vine. (Recode)The investor group that had walked away, only to come back, took a look at the company’s finances and got a nasty surprise about its debt — up to an additional $65 million in liabilities, according to the NYT.Maria Contreras-Sweet, who was leading the investor group, said that it would “consider acquiring assets that may become available in the event of bankruptcy proceedings.”The Weinstein Company’s response: “The company has been transparent about its dire financial condition.”The deals flyaround• CVS Health sold $40 billion of bonds, the biggest such deal in two years, to help pay for its takeover of Aetna. (WSJ)• J.M. Smucker called off its deal to buy the Wesson cooking oil brand after federal regulators sued to block it. (WSJ)• International Paper’s bid for the European cardboard-box maker Smurfit Kappa is worth about 8.64 billion euros, or $10.7 billion. (FT)• Spotting an M&A dud: the bigger the deals, the harder they fall. (Bloomberg)• A proposed change in Japan’s tax law could encourage more all-stock deals. (FT)• UnitedHealth is among the bidders for a unit of Envision Healthcare, a health services provider under pressure from activist investors, unnamed sources said. (Bloomberg)• S.&P. Global is buying Kensho Technologies, which provides A.I.-based data analysis to financial institutions, for $550 million. (WSJ)• Penske Media, which owns Variety and Deadline, has acquired SheKnows Media to expand its female audience. (WSJ)• The story behind the fall of the British electronics retailer Maplin. (Coppola Comment)• WeWork is buying the digital marketing and advertising company Conductor. (Recode)• Singapore’s Temasek and GIC are close to a deal for the parent company of the Salt Bae’s steakhouse chain, which values the business at $1.5 billion. (FT)• Airbnb has named Greg Greeley, an Amazon executive who helped create Prime, as the head of its homes business. (Airbnb)• Royal Bank of Scotland agreed a $500 million settlement with New York State over the mis-selling of residential mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis. (FT)• Red Granite Pictures, which produced “Wolf of Wall Street,” agreed to pay $60 million to settle claims it financed the film with money siphoned from a Malaysian state investment fund. (Bloomberg)• UnitedHealthcare, one of the largest U.S. health insurers, said it would stop keeping millions of discounts it gets from drug companies and share them with its customers. (NYT)• The N.Y.S.E. agreed to pay $14 million in penalties to settle regulatory charges for multiple violations related to high-profile events that disrupted trading. (FT)• A new book chronicles how American businesses won their civil rights. (NYT)• Synthetic identity fraud, using fictional names and unassigned social security numbers, is one of the fastest growing forms of identity theft. (WSJ)• Billy McFarland, the entrepreneur who created Fyre Festival, admitted that he had defrauded investors. (WSJ)• Multinationals have made such extensive use of Ireland for funneling royalty payments that they made up about 23 percent of the country’s annual gross domestic product, according to the European Commission. (FT)• “The Big Picture” tells the story of movie and television executives whose careers were destroyed or made as entertainment went digital. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.