 (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• President Trump signed into law this morning a far-reaching budget deal that will boost spending by hundreds of billions of dollars and allow the federal government to reopen after a brief shutdown.Washington’s second shutdown in three weeks came after Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky held up the vote to protest budget deficits that would balloon under the agreement.“I want people to feel uncomfortable,” Mr. Paul, a Republican, said late Thursday. “I want them to have to answer people at home who said, ‘How come you were against President Obama’s deficits and then how come you’re for Republican deficits?’ ”• Republicans have promised an end to fiscal recklessness, but the deal would introduce $300 billion in additional spending over the next two years.• Stocks fell in Asia and Europe today after another drastic drop on Wall Street.The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index is down more than 10 percent from its peak last month, a trend that’s more severe than a few days of bearish trading.  We looked at Thursday’s decline.You’ve probably heard in the past week that the stock market isn’t the same thing as the economy. That’s true. And wild market swings don’t affect most Americans.But a sustained sell-off could still hurt the economy.• Here are the latest numbers from the U.S. and around the world.• The opening ceremony of the Winter Games is underway in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Follow our live briefing for the latest.Dozens of Russian athletes won’t be there, after losing an appeal today to be reinstated after a doping ban.But the sister of North Korea’s leader is. Persuading the North to attend the Olympics — rather than threaten them with nuclear tests — took months of behind-the-scenes diplomacy.• You can find all our Olympics coverage here. Just want results? We’ve got those, too.• John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, has had a tough week.President Trump is even said to have complained to Reince Priebus, the man he pushed out to hire Mr. Kelly.Mr. Kelly has recently drawn unwelcome attention for his initial support of Rob Porter, the staff secretary who resigned this week after his two ex-wives accused him of abuse.• White House officials said on Thursday that they regretted how they had handled the accusations against Mr. Porter. Officials did not say when they first learned of the episodes, but people close to the White House said that top aides, including Mr. Kelly, had known since late fall.• President Trump is expected to talk next week about his plan to rebuild American infrastructure. A dispiriting trip from the Newark airport to Penn Station in Manhattan shows how much needs to be done, our columnist writes.• Cryptocurrencies on campus: Several universities have added classes  about the technology that drives virtual currencies like Bitcoin.Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Looking to gain strength and stay healthy? Lift weights and eat more protein, especially if you’re over 40.• Want to understand Snapchat?  Here’s our guide.• Pick a recipe (or eight) to celebrate the Lunar New Year.• War in Syria escalatesOur correspondents report: “Since the rout of the Islamic State last year, and steady government advances against other insurgent groups, a misperception has grown abroad that the Syrian war is winding down. Instead, the carnage is reaching a new peak.”• The state of the internetWhat you’re doing now, reading words on a screen, is going out of fashion.Our technology writers are trying to catalog the currents shaping the internet. The defining narrative of the moment: the exploding reach of audio and video.• Dogs of New YorkDowntown poodles. Uptown pit bulls. A Xoloitzcuintli on the block.To understand New York City real estate, follow Fido.• The week in good newsIt isn’t all bad out there.• Quiz time!Did you keep up with this week’s news? Test yourself.• Ready for the weekendOur movie critics say go to “Black Panther” and skip “Fifty Shades Freed.” We also review “The 15:17 to Paris,” in which the American tourists who helped thwart a train attack in 2015 play themselves. Clint Eastwood directs.Here are  TV recommendations if you’re not watching the Olympics, and a review of “Queer Eye,” Netflix’s revival of the makeover show.We have 12 new book recommendations, as well as discussion questions for “Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the F.B.I.,” the February selection for our new book club.Peter Hujar’s photographs, at the Morgan Library & Museum, captured downtown Manhattan’s golden age before the emergence of AIDS. Our art critic has a review.And we spoke to Jimmy Buffett, the beach bum musician-turned-businessman who has a new Broadway musical, “Escape to Margaritaville.”• Best of late-night TVAfter reports that the White House had ignored accusations of abuse by a former aide, Stephen Colbert asked, “Is the Trump administration so desperate for people who are even mildly competent that they’re willing to overlook anything?• Quotation of the day“For the vast majority of Americans, fluctuations in the stock market have relatively little effect on their wealth, or well-being, for that matter.”— Edward Wolff, an economist at New York University who published new research on the topic.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.“Alligator Found in Uptown Sewer.” It’s a story that would have spread quickly online, had there been an internet.On this day in 1935, as recorded in The Times, a teenager looked down a manhole while shoveling snow in East Harlem and saw an eight-foot alligator.The story ignited the public’s imagination for decades. In the 1980s, Anna Quindlen, the author who was then a Times reporter, called it “the most durable urban myth in the history of cities, reptiles or waste disposal.”A Manhattan historian became so entranced with the idea that he has long observed Feb. 9 as Alligators in the Sewers Day. “I want it to be true,” he told us last year.Big beasts have been found in sewers around the world. In Sydney, it took six people to drag a 55-pound snapping turtle from a drain in 2000, and in China, a cow was pulled from a sewer pipe in Guangxi Province.The New York alligator is still a puzzle. The theory at the time was that it had fallen off a boat in the Harlem River.John T. Flaherty, the former chief of design in the Bureau of Sewers, had a trademark reply to constant questions:“No, Virginia, there are no alligators in the New York City sewer system.”Charles McDermid contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.Happy Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Comcast is fighting Fox over the British broadcaster Sky.• How will Powell discuss loose fiscal policy?• Delta shows pushing back against the N.R.A. has political costs.• Will the U.S. challenge Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm on national security grounds?Want this in your inbox? Sign up here.Comcast may have found a way to disrupt Walt Disney’s deal for a large part of 21st Century Fox: make a bid to buy the British satellite broadcaster Sky.The offer, writes Liam Proud of Breakingviews, leaves Fox with two unappealing options to save its deal with Disney. Rupert Murdoch can either “revise the terms of the Disney sale to exclude Sky, or enter into a bidding war with” Comcast.Sky investors seem to be betting on the latter option. Its stock jumped nearly 20 percent and is now trading above Comcast’s offer.The reason for that may be that “both Fox and Disney have reasons for wanting to possess all of Sky,” writes Chris Hughes of Bloomberg Gadfly. “Fox may want full ownership as an insurance policy against the sale to Disney failing. And Disney’s desire to buy Fox’s current stake in Sky suggests it likes the asset, wants more of it and would want to prevent Comcast owning it.” In fact, Robert Iger, Disney’s chief executive, has called Sky the crown jewel of his company’s purchase of Fox assets.Reaction• Frank Louthan, an analyst at Raymond James: “The potential for Fox to return and make a competing bid remains high, in our view, as our European investment team believes Sky is the best-in-class European leader in Pay-TV.”When is an offer an offer can be a fine point under Britain’s complicated takeover rules.On Tuesday, Comcast announced a “possible all-cash offer” to acquire Sky, the British satellite broadcaster, for about $31 billion .Sky and 21st Century Fox, which has been trying to acquire the 61 percent of Sky that it does not already own for more than year, both responded that “no firm offer” had been made.That may seem like an odd distinction when Comcast, the owner of NBCUniversal, announced publicly how much it is willing to pay for an asset to kick off negotiations.But, that comes down to Britain’s extensive takeover code, which spans more than 400 pages, and can often trip up American companies not used to operating under those rules.The public disclosure of merger talks is triggered under the code when a number of factors occur, such as rumors in the market that a deal is in the works or “untoward movement” in a takeover target’s stock price.Making a public announcement then starts a countdown clock for a potential acquirer to announce a formal offer under the rules, known as a so-called firm intention to make an offer.The rules are intended to make sure all shareholders are treated fairly and have access to the same information about a deal and to establish an orderly framework for takeovers.- Chad BrayWe’d waited to see if Brian Roberts, Comcast’s chairman and C.E.O., would challenge Walt Disney for control of 21st Century Fox. Instead, he plans to disrupt Mr. Murdoch’s bid for full control of Sky, the British satellite broadcaster.What Comcast is offering: £12.50, or about $17.50, a share for all of SkyWhat Fox is offering: £10.75 a share for the 61 percent of Sky that it doesn’t ownBehind the maneuversComcast had worked on its own offer for Fox, with the chance to expand internationally through Sky being a big reason for bidding. But the Murdochs and their advisers believed that it would be difficult for Comcast to win U.S. regulatory approval.However, Fox’s bid for Sky has been held up by questions by British regulators about whether Mr. Murdoch was fit and proper to control a major broadcaster in the U.K. That presented Comcast’s opportunity.What Mr. Roberts said in Comcast’s regulatory statement: “We already have a strong presence in London, and Comcast intends to use Sky as a platform for our growth in Europe.”Whom to thank for the Comcast bidCritics’ corner• Paul Richards of the media research firm Numis told the FT that Comcast’s bid is a “very strong competitive offer.”• Alex DeGroote at Cenkos Securities told Bloomberg, “The market was anticipating another approach and will be pleasantly surprised.”Market reactionComcast investors don’t seem pleasantly surprised. Shares of Comcast are down 5.2 percent. Sky’s stock popped nearly 20 percent and is now trading above Comcast’s offer.When Jerome H. Powell, the new chairman of the Federal Reserve, appears before the House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, we may see if he has mastered the art of stern but subtle disapproval.Congress has recently enacted tax cuts and spending increases that could stimulate the economy at a time when the Fed may want to tamp things down a bit.A tug of war could end up occurring between elected politicians wanting a boom to continue and a central bank that is concerned about government deficits and inflation. It is highly unlikely that Mr. Powell or any other Fed official would want to get drawn into a direct, public fight with members of Congress or the administration of President Donald Trump.So, how might Mr. Powell express concern about loose government fiscal policies? He can talk about Congress’s stimulus as just one of many factors that can have an impact on the Fed’s mission of creating the economic conditions for maximum employment and stable prices. In other words, he could depersonalize any tensions, and imply that concern about spending and deficits is just the Fed doing its job. And in his prepared testimony for the hearing, Mr. Powell noted the stimulus from fiscal policy.(F.O.M.C. is the Federal Open Market Committee, the committee that sets monetary policy, while P.C.E. price inflation is the Fed’s preferred measure of prices, derived from a survey of personal consumption expenditures conducted by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.)Update from the hearingIn this testimony before the House committee on Tuesday, Mr. Powell took some questions about the recent loosening of fiscal policy, and how the Fed might respond.He followed the careful path outlined above. On the one hand, he noted that government finances can have an impact on economic conditions, saying: “Fiscal policy changes can have an effect.” He also said: “We really need to get on a sustainable fiscal path, and the time for doing that is now.”On the other hand, Mr. Powell said the Fed did not want to directly interfere in government spending decisions. “We don’t do fiscal policy at the Fed,” he said.— Peter EavisThat’s according to GeekWire and confirmed by CNBC.The details• “Ring has raised $209 million so far and was last valued at $760 million, according to Pitchbook.”• Amazon’s Alexa Fund, which invests in startups that make Alexa compatible devices, was an investor.• Amazon plans to have Ring operate as a separate business, much as Zappos and Twitch do.Howard Schultz, the founder and executive chairman of Starbox, said during an interview with Fox Business that he is not running for president. Here’s the transcript via Dan Primack of AxiosMs. Bartiromo, then, followed up with:Mr. Schultz is one of a number of business executives and celebrities long speculated to be considering a run for president in 2020. The list has included Oprah Winfrey, Mark Cuban, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan, Bob Iger of Disney and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook.On other topics• Taxes: “We are robbing from the future of young people in America who ultimately are going to have to pay for a $21 trillion tax deficit,” Mr. Schultz said.• Real Estate: “Over the last few weeks, I have been in a number of U.S. cities and observed firsthand the abundance of empty storefronts across the country, in prime A1 locations. We are at a major inflection point as landlords across the country will be forced (sooner than later) to permanently lower rent rates to adjust to the ‘new norm,’” Mr. Schultz said.The tweet from Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle of Georgia, Delta’s home state, shows that it isn’t easy for companies to find a balance between those who want corporate America to push for more gun control and those who think conservatives are being unfairly maligned.By eliminating discounted fares for N.R.A. members, the airline has stirred up Georgia Republican opposition to a lucrative tax break that had substantial support only days ago. Also in that category: FedEx, which is keeping its discounts for N.R.A. members while expressing support for banning assault rifles for civilians.As Matt Pearce of the LAT put it, “It’s getting harder and harder to find neutral territory in America’s raging gun-control debate.”Elsewhere in guns and money: If you have a 401(k), you’re probably invested in a gun maker. An argument for Silicon Valley to advance smart-gun tech. And Warren Buffett thinks it would be “ridiculous” for Berkshire Hathaway to boycott gun makers.The policy flyaround• Six Republican leaders in Congress say they don’t plan to dig into President Trump’s finances as part of their investigation into Russian election interference. (CNN)• The Supreme Court declined the Trump administration’s request to shut down DACA while lower courts explore the issue. (NYT)• The European Commission will withdraw its complaint against Ireland for not recovering $16 billion in unpaid taxes from Apple, but only if the country recovers the amount in full. (CNBC)The government panel known as Cfius, which reviews deals for national security reasons, has taken the rare step of looking at a potential combination before the chip makers have even agreed on a deal, Reuters reported, citing unnamed sources. Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, urged the review.If Cfius intervenes, it would sidestep Broadcom’s move to relocate its headquarters to the U.S., which critics said was aimed in part at preventing such a review. (Broadcom’s C.E.O., Hock Tan, said the redomiciling would happen even if the deal didn’t go through.)More from Diane Bartz of Reuters:More in the chip battle: Qualcomm says that it’s willing to keep talking, but Broadcom called the outreach “feigned engagement.” Qualcomm reportedly wants more than $90 a share; the current offer is $79 a share.• The investment decisions of SoftBank’s Masa Son befuddle even his own directors. Meanwhile, a senior SoftBank executive confirmed that the company was weighing a spinoff of its Japanese mobile phone unit.• Liberty Media has offered to invest $1.16 billion in iHeartMedia, the troubled radio broadcasting giant, in exchange for a 40 percent stake in the company after it reorganizes its debts in bankruptcy court. (WSJ)• Microchip Technology is reportedly in advanced talks to buy its fellow chip maker Microsemi, whose market value as of yesterday was $7.5 billion. (WSJ)• The jobs site Glassdoor is interviewing banks to advise on an I.P.O. that could come in the second half of this year, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• The activist fund Legion Partners wants the retailer Genesco to sell more more businesses — or face a board fight, unnamed sources say. (Reuters)• Why your investment banker may not be faithful, as detailed in a court fight over the sale of Aruba Networks to H.P. (FT)That’s what Larry Hutcher, a corporate lawyer at Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, said of the last-minute turmoil that sank an investor group’s bid for The Weinstein Company and led the embattled studio to plan a corporate bankruptcy filing.Brooks Barnes of the NYT traced how the deal fell apart, including the investors’ mistake in not holding talks with the New York attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, earlier in the process and the belated firing of the studio’s president, David Glasser.More in corporate misconduct: Expect New York officials to continue agitating for change at the Weinstein Company and Wynn Resorts.Beijing’s takeover of the troubled Anbang Insurance Group is another sign that deal making by that country’s moguls is slowing to a halt. It’s not just the Chinese government’s fears of overspending by homegrown businesses, but also growing skepticism from officials in the United States and elsewhere.More from Alexandra Stevenson of the NYT:More on Anbang: Is its takeover China’s “too big to fail” moment? And expect Beijing to need to bail out other indebted Chinese companies.The China flyaround• Meet Liu He, the man President Xi Jinping plans to name as overseer of China’s financial and industrial sectors. (WSJ)• HNA Group is setting up $3.2 billion worth of investment funds to support China’s One Belt, One Road infrastructure campaign. (Bloomberg)• Alibaba is in talks to buy Ele.me, a food delivery start-up, at a valuation of more than $9.5 billion, unidentified sources say. (FT)• Why Daimler’s works council wasn’t worried about Geely becoming the carmaker’s biggest investor. (Bloomberg)Why is Circle reportedly buying the digital token exchange Polloniex for about $400 million? According to Nathaniel Popper of the NYT, it’s to become the U.S.’s first regulated digital money exchange.From his must-read Twitter thread:The virtual currency flyaround• 50 Cent never actually owned Bitcoin. (The Blast)• Venture capitalists should worry about missing initial coin offerings, according to Tim Draper. (The Information)• BlackRock says that investors jumping into digital money should be prepared to lose everything. (CNBC)• A man who claimed to have invented Bitcoin is accused of stealing more than $5 billion worth of assets from the estate of a late colleague. (Bloomberg)• Virtual currencies are making divorces more difficult. (Bloomberg)• JD.com of China has founded an accelerator for artificial intelligence and blockchain start-ups. (TechCrunch)• G.E. has named three new directors — H. Lawrence Culp, the former C.E.O. of Danaher; Thomas Horton, the former C.E.O. of American Airlines; and Leslie Seidman, the former chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board — as the conglomerate continues toiling on its self-help plan. (WSJ)• Rothschild’s chairman, David de Rothschild, is turning over leadership of the investment bank to his 37-year-old son, Alexandre. (FT)• Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, UBS and Barclays all added more employees last year amid a turnaround in European investment banking. (FT)• Apple is preparing to start a network of medical clinics for its employees and their families that could help it test out its broader ambitions in health care. (FT)• It is also preparing to release three new smartphones this year: the largest iPhone ever, an upgraded version of the iPhone X and a less expensive model. (Bloomberg)• California’s Department of Motor Vehicles said it was eliminating a requirement for autonomous vehicles to have a person in the driver’s seat. (NYT)• Netflix spends more on non-sports content than any streaming provider and many traditional TV companies. (Recode)• Hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans lack power more than five months after a hurricane hit the island, but the federal government has begun scaling back the number of electrical restoration contractors. (NYT)• Companies want to know how climate change might disrupt their operations, but with governments slow to make information available, start-ups have tried to fill the gap. (NYT)• JPMorgan said its female employees earn 99 percent of what male employees make in Britain, but the number is based on the bank’s methodology for determining what pay is appropriate. (BloombergView)• Goldman Sachs is considering a sale-leaseback of its new European headquarters in London. The building could sell for more than $1.4 billion, according to unidentified sources. (Bloomberg)• Deutsche Bank is expanding in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates as the lender expects sovereign bond sales and initial public offerings to drive deals this year. (Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on Australia, news of the world and reader feedback in this weekly newsletter. Want it by email? Sign up.______Movies define countries for the world.Pedro Almodóvar shapes how we think of Spain. England will forever be “Monty Python” and “Lawrence of Arabia” for many of us, while the American extremes — optimism, violence, humor and despair — are all visible via Hollywood.So what does “Crocodile Dundee” say about Australia?I watched the movie again last night, for the first time since its release in 1986. I was just a kid then and thought nothing of laughing at Paul Hogan’s knife or his cluelessness about escalators and elevators in New York.Now, though, it’s all a bit jarring.Dundee is still the highest-grossing Australian film of all time. He’s the character many Americans most associate with this country, and yet the depiction of Australia (not to mention New York and journalism, given the reporters in limos) needs some serious updating.Which is, of course, what a series of trailers for a Dundee sequel seemed to offer when they started gathering buzz online a few weeks ago.I was one of many who saw the clips and got excited. Joining Danny McBride as the son of Dundee were Australia’s biggest stars, including Margot Robbie, Chris Hemsworth, Russell Crowe, and Hugh Jackman.The trailer’s premise — the foolish Americanized son of an Australian legend returns to the bush — also suggested a chance to poke fun at Americans and American assumptions about Australia. Bring it, I thought.But what looked like a summer film was actually a setup for a Super Bowl ad. Tourism Australia duped us all, aiming directly at America’s love for the Dundee story, with the goal of exploiting it.And it seems to be working.John O’Sullivan, the managing director of Tourism Australia, told me yesterday that their site has seen record traffic since the Super Bowl, and that tourism operators are reporting double and triple the usual interest.“What we’re saying to North America is you’re welcome in our country and we want you to visit," he said. “That character really does bring that to the fore in a way that no other character has really done before.”Perhaps. It’s true that Dundee is quite welcoming to the visiting American reporter played by Linda Kozlowski (Hogan ended up marrying her in real life) and there’s clearly something deeper going on with Dundee and Aussie identity.Here’s Vincent Canby, our former chief film critic, grappling with Hogan and his character in 1986:Does that sound right to you? (The original film review is a hoot as well.)Regardless, here’s a related question: Is there a “Crocodile Dundee” for today? A character or story that embodies how Australia sees itself now?It’s one thing to use Dundee to reintroduce Americans to Australia. Good on ya for that, especially if it means gaining a deeper understanding of the place through visiting.But ad-driven nostalgia is a sticky wicket. In the actual movie, I saw quite a bit more than what many Americans and Australians might recall.Hogan’s performance, closely observed, is unlike what he did for Tourism Australia as a spokesman before the film — he’s not just a breezy larrikin.His Dundee in America is more complicated, revealing in his facial expressions a fair amount of anxiety and awkwardness as he wanders through New York.The Australia that he embodied in the ’80s was not yet a middle power, or middle-power plus as Australia is sometimes known today. It was a young country far away, lacking urgency, trying to figure out a fast-paced, competitive world and just how much it wanted to get involved with all that ambition.To some degree that’s still Australia. To some degree it’s not.Australia in 2018 is more confident, far richer, more diverse, more urbanized and less unified politically. It’s a beach lifestyle brand, not a Foster’s ad. But it’s still not sure what role it wants to play globally.So what would a new Dundee reveal?Assuming we can cast Chris or Liam Hemsworth — or perhaps the role belongs to Russell Crowe or Hugh Jackman, who are roughly the same age as Hogan was for Dundee — what would a tale of Australia and the world tell us about the country today?Where would the film be set, whose stories would it capture, and what would make it resonate with today’s Australians?Send me your thoughts and script ideas — and I’ll find a way to get them to Aussiewood and Screen Australia … or at least to next week’s newsletter.Share the request with friends, too. Tell them to sign up (or just sign them up as a friendly provocation), email us at nytaustralia@nytimes.com, and join us in our Facebook group for brainstorming.Now here’s more from this week in The Times and in Australia, followed by a recommendation for another Aussie film that I’ve come to love.Uma Thurman, after promising to express her anger about Harvey Weinstein when she was good and ready, has found a way to get it all out: in an interview with Maureen Dowd.“The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was,” she said, explaining an array of experiences with candor and frustration.One reader commented: “Ms. Thurman embodies everything I’ve ever wanted to be.”______You may think of augmented reality as simply Pokemon Go. But it can be a lot more than that, and as part of our effort to stay ahead of the journalism pack, we’re introducing an augmented reality experiment for our Olympics coverage.It’s a way to study and see some of the world’s greatest athletes, up close and personal.Here’s how to get started on your phone or tablet.______The world’s stock markets are way, way down, but don’t fret. Context matters.The Dow fell by 1,175 points on Monday, which represents a 4.6 percent decline, but our economics columnist takes the long view: There were steeper percentage declines on several occasions during the global financial crisis and its aftermath, not to mention the 508-point drop in the Dow in 1987 that represented a 22.6 percent market crash.And one more thing: All of the world’s big economies are now growing.______Our latest coverage of Australia and New Zealand ranges from food to flight, nudists to firestarters:• A Wrestling Team Fights to Prove It’s Not an ‘African Gang’: Sudanese in Australia have come under unwelcome scrutiny after politicians said they were behind a crime wave in Melbourne. (International)• We Have to Get Naked: Visitors encounter a surprise on one of Sydney’s nude beaches. (Australia Diary)• In Australia, Arsonists May Have Wings: Aboriginal Australians have long believed that some predatory birds deliberately spread wildfires. A few ornithologists have set out to find proof. (Science)• The Life and Death of Nigel, the World’s Loneliest Seabird: The gannet won hearts with his devotion to a concrete decoy on an uninhabited New Zealand island. His story shines a light on efforts to repopulate the island. (Science)• Review: Cav’s Steakhouse on the Gold Coast, Queensland: The restaurant predates Outback Steakhouse and provides a retro taste of Australia’s dining history. (Food)• Six Great Reads for Australians on the Culture-Tech Collision: From reality-show drag queens to the Bitcoin bubble — here’s how the latest in culture and tech fits into the Australian discussion. (International)______• Alex Joske examines how Chine silences dissent — in Australia.• David Brooks explores how nations recover from failure.• David Leonhardt welcomes an end to “the scam of flying pets” — and I say “amen.”“Gettin’ Square” is NOT “Crocodile Dundee.”It’s about criminals and colorful characters, none more memorable than Johnny Francis “Spit” Spitieri as played brilliantly by David Wenham.If there’s a better comic courtroom scene than this one, I’ve never seen it. The twists and turns of the writing reminded me of this classic from Abbott & Costello — and that’s a compliment.(Hat tip to Meredith McDonald and David Clark for the suggestion; they’ve become the Australia bureau’s unofficial Aussie film tutors. Thanks M & D!)