This wrap-up is a new experiment to connect Australian readers with the best of The New York Times. Bitcoin may save the internet? Celebrity social media feeds are bunk, and reality TV drag queens can unlock the mysteries of gender?Clearly there’s a lot to discuss. And we (that’s our Australia bureau) are here to help, with a few fantastic recent stories about the intersection of pop culture and technology — handpicked for Australian readers.When you’re done reading, come on over to our NYT Australia Facebook group for more discussion.______Some of us are human, some of us are bots. It sounds dystopian, but really: it’s just your social media feed.This report shines a light on social media’s murky black market, where politicians, athletes and celebrities are buying millions of fake followers. Even Australia’s politicians have been scrutinized: Tony Abbott reportedly gained 70,000 followers in 12 hours ahead of the 2013 election.Perhaps more alarmingly, these social drones might be borrowing your identity.Are my followers human? Tools like Twitter Audit, although not perfect, can tell you how “real” your followers are – or if you’re just tweeting into the bot-o-sphere.______If you think Bitcoin is just about money, you’re missing the point.Bitcoin’s foundation, blockchain, could be our guiding light back to the internet’s utopian, democratic roots. It sounds lofty, but disrupters have changed the nature of the internet before.And if you still don’t really get what cryptocurrency is, don’t worry: Mr. Johnson, one of Silicon Valley’s most respected tech writers, breaks it down with refreshing clarity.Should I invest in Bitcoin? No.There have been a few key moments that flung drag queens into the world’s popular consciousness. One is “Priscilla, Queen of the Desert,” Stephen Elliot’s 1994 colorful and vulgar musical, and most recently: “RuPaul’s Drag Race.”The original Times review of “Priscilla” applauds how willing the film’s cross-dressing characters are to “laugh at themselves.”And 24 years later, reality TV host and drag performer RuPaul Charles now carries the torch of unrestrained, anarchist fun over political correctness.Where can I watch it already? Stream Season 3 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race: All Stars” on Stan.______Millions of women around the world have said #MeToo, but the impact of those words can depend on your level of celebrity, wealth, skin color, or just where you are in the world.In China, the government is blocking phrases like “anti-sexual harassment” on social media, effectively muzzling the movement.One professor suggests it’s partly because “people are not encouraged to speak up against superiors” in Chinese culture. As Australia continues to grapple with sexual assault on its campuses, could international students be less likely to report harassment?How can I follow how #MeToo is developing around the world? We’re glad you asked. Sign up to The #MeToo Moment newsletter to get weekly missives on gender and sexual harassment news in your inbox each week.Who would have thought painstakingly slow, hand-painted messages would be an incredibly effective way to cut through the digital cacophony?Paul Lindahl didn’t. But he pursued the outmoded career path anyway.Now, as brands are searching for new ways to convey “authenticity” and “meaning,” Mr. Lindahl is courting names like Gucci, Coca-Cola and Spotify from his paint-spattered Brooklyn studio.How could it go wrong? By hand-painting your advertisement over a well-loved, 20-year-old community mural, like another company did in the Sydney neighborhood of Newtown last year. It didn’t go down well.“Whoever thought that operational security could be wrecked by a Fitbit?” said Nathan Ruser, 20, in an interview from Thailand.Mr. Ruser, who studies international security at Australian National University, recently posted to Twitter his discovery that a fitness app had revealed the locations of military sites in Syria and elsewhere.The Pentagon is reviewing the situation.How can I follow this story? Check out Mr. Ruser’s Twitter feed, where he’s commenting and sharing smart takes on the security failure (in between tweets about triple j’s Hottest 100 countdown.)SAN FRANCISCO — The currency they were after was virtual, but the guns they carried were anything but.In the beach resort of Phuket, Thailand, last month, the assailants pushed their victim, a young Russian man, into his apartment and kept him there, blindfolded, until he logged onto his computer and transferred about $100,000 worth of Bitcoin to an online wallet they controlled.A few weeks before that, the head of a Bitcoin exchange in Ukraine was taken hostage and only released after the company paid a ransom of $1 million in Bitcoin.In New York City, a man was held captive by a friend until he transferred over $1.8 million worth of Ether, a virtual currency second in value only to Bitcoin.The rich have always feared robbery and extortion. Now, big holders of Bitcoin and its brethren have become alluring marks for criminals, especially since the prices of virtual currencies entered the stratosphere last year.Virtual currencies can be easily transferred to an anonymous address set up by a criminal. While banks can stop or reverse large electronic transactions made under duress, there is no Bitcoin bank to halt or take back a transfer, making the chances of a successful armed holdup frighteningly enticing.Thieves have taken advantage of this system in a startling number of recent cases, from Russia, Ukraine and Turkey to Canada, the United States and Britain.“This is now becoming more pervasive and touching more law enforcement divisions that deal with organized crime and violent crime on a local level,” said Jonathan Levin, the founder of Chainalysis, which has worked with several law enforcement agencies on virtual currency crimes.Mr. Levin’s company specializes in tracking criminal transactions on the blockchain, the computerized ledger where every Bitcoin transaction is publicly recorded.Chainalysis has helped police attempt to track down criminals in several recent cases, including some that have not been made public, according to Mr. Levin.But even when a transaction can be tracked, the design of Bitcoin means that criminals do not have to associate their identity with their Bitcoin address — as is necessary with most traditional bank accounts. That has stymied police in several cases.“For this, the advantage of Bitcoin is that it’s hard to verify,” said Chanut Hongsitthichaikul, an investigator with the Chalong Police Station, which investigated the case in Phuket. “We asked the victim how to track it since they know Bitcoin better than us. We asked them how to check the receiver. They said there is no way. It is hard to do.”The Thai police tracked the victim’s laptop, which was also stolen, to Kuala Lumpur. That’s where the trail went cold.While the recent crime wave has brought a new level of violence, virtual currency holders have been targets for several years. Criminals have been staging a long-running campaign to remotely hijack the cellphone numbers of prominent virtual currency holders in order to gain control of their digital wallets.A few years ago, some of Bitcoin’s earliest proponents had SWAT teams called to their homes by people who demanded big Bitcoin payments to stop the harassment — a tactic called “SWATing” in some online communities.There have also been many documented holdups around the world at in-person meetings where people were looking to convert cash into virtual currency, including one last year in Palm Beach, Fla., where the thief made off with $28,000 before being arrested.But criminals have grown much more brazen as the price of Bitcoin has spiked.The most audacious attack hit Exmo, the virtual currency exchange in Ukraine. The chief executive of the exchange, Pavel Lerner, was abducted the day after Christmas and freed a few days later after the company made a ransom payment of Bitcoin worth around $1 million.A spokeswoman for Exmo said the money came from Mr. Lerner’s personal funds. Mr. Lerner was on leave from the company but would return.A month earlier, a Turkish businessman was forced to hand over the passwords to his virtual currency wallets — containing nearly $3 million worth of Bitcoin — after having his car stopped by an armed gang in Istanbul that appeared to know about his Bitcoin holdings, according to local news reports.Many big virtual currency holders privately say that they will no longer travel to Russia, Turkey or other countries where they assume that attacks may be easier to pull off because of organized crime.But armed attackers have also hit a Canadian Bitcoin exchange in Ottawa, the Ether investor in New York City and a prominent virtual currency trader living near Oxford, England.In a number of cases, the assailants have been caught — and forced to return money — because of video footage. In other cases, the criminals are still at large.The unsolved crimes have sown fear among the ranks of the so-called crypto rich, which have grown considerably over the past year.At a conference for about 170 leaders in the virtual currency industry this month, there was a panel discussion about how to deal with the threat of robbery, extortion and kidnappings in which the criminals seek Bitcoin or other virtual currencies.Organizers of the conference, known as the Satoshi Roundtable and held near Cancun, Mexico, brought in a security force and instituted significant privacy measures for guests to protect them from criminals while they were in attendance.During the group discussion at the conference, attendees talked about having a “duress wallet” at home that can be handed over to throw an assailant off the trail of a bigger fortune, as well as several other security measures that can be used to deal with the threat.Most of the crypto rich are loath to speak publicly about the risk of physical attacks, for fear of making themselves targets.But Jameson Lopp, a longtime Bitcoin engineer and virtual currency holder, said the community should be proactive in confronting the threat, to let criminals know that people are taking steps to protect themselves.Last summer, someone called a SWAT team to Mr. Lopp’s house to harass him. Since then, Mr. Lopp has installed closed-circuit cameras around his property and posted photos on Twitter of the automatic weapon he has at home.In a more technical defensive measure, Mr. Lopp has long kept his virtual currency in so-called multisignature wallets created by the company he works for, BitGo. These wallets require multiple people to sign off on a transaction before the money can move.Mr. Lopp will go even further later this year when he, his girlfriend and his dog move to a new home. He plans to “go dark” — not providing the address to anyone and using a post office box for deliveries. But he said even that will not fully banish his concerns.“If you are rich and you own real estate, or stocks or a sports team, somebody can’t mug you and take your sports team away,” he said. “Having liquid crypto assets makes you much more attractive for that type of criminal attack.”Mr. Levin said programmers are working to develop methods of signing virtual currency transactions that can quietly alert the authorities that a transaction is being made under duress — something like the hidden button under the bank teller’s desk.But he said the most obvious way to thwart attackers is with wallets that require multiple signatures, and with less public discussion about owning virtual currencies.Mr. Lopp said it is important to publicize the many ways in which virtual currency holders can fend off assailants so that criminals reconsider the likelihood of a successful attack.“We’re in the very early days of this becoming a problem,” Mr. Lopp said. “The attackers are still trying to figure out what the risk-reward really is.”BERKELEY, Calif. — While the price of Bitcoin has dropped since Christmas, the virtual currency boom has shown no signs of cooling off in the more august precincts of America’s elite universities.Several top schools have added or are rushing to add classes about Bitcoin and the record-keeping technology that it introduced, known as the blockchain.Graduate-level classes this semester at Carnegie Mellon, Cornell, Duke, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Maryland, among other places, illustrate the fascination with the technology across several academic fields, and the assumption that it will outlast the current speculative price bubble.“There was some gentle ribbing from my colleagues when I began giving talks on Bitcoin,” said David Yermack, a business and law professor at New York University who offered one of the first for-credit courses on the topic back in 2014. “But within a few months, I was being invited to Basel to talk with central bankers, and the joking from my colleagues stopped after that.”For a class this semester, Mr. Yermack originally booked a lecture hall that could fit 180 students, but he had to move the course to the largest lecture hall at N.Y.U. when enrollment kept going up. He now has 225 people signed up for the class.A course about virtual currencies created by a Princeton computer science professor, Arvind Narayanan, has been the fifth-most-popular class on Coursera, an online learning site.And last month at the University of California, Berkeley, students were lining the walls and sitting in the aisles for the first lecture of “Blockchain, Cryptoeconomics and the Future of Technology, Business and Law.”“This is a very precious opportunity for you to be able to sit in this class,” Dawn Song, a computer science professor, told the students. “There are a bazillion other students who are waiting for your spot.”Because developments in the field are moving so fast, the business school professor also teaching the class, Greg La Blanc, said the students would have to forgive the teachers if they got things wrong on occasion.“We aren’t waiting until we perfect it,” he said. “Don’t compare it to the perfect blockchain course. Compare it to having no blockchain course at all.”The 75 spots in the Berkeley class were divided evenly among the law school, the business school and the engineering department, and faculty from the three departments are teaching the course together. Ms. Song said she had around 100 students vying for the 25 places set aside for her department.The interest is a fueled by the rising price of virtual currencies over the last year. But they have created a host of issues that are worthy of study even apart from the price, professors in a variety of fields said.For lawyers, virtual currency projects have challenged traditional legal categories and definitions of what constitutes a security or a commodity.Regulators have been caught flat-footed as entrepreneurs have raised billions of dollars by selling virtual currencies without going through the traditional fund-raising channels, taking advantage of the legal fuzziness surrounding them.For economists and business school professors, Bitcoin and other digital tokens have raised questions about the nature of money. The first lecture in the Berkeley class, for example, considered the development of Bitcoin against the history of money.Several business school classes are also focusing on the decentralized methods of record keeping and decision making introduced by Bitcoin.Bitcoin is given credit for creating the first blockchain, a ledger of transactions that is updated by a network of computers without relying on any central company or government.Many big companies are now looking at how blockchains independent of Bitcoin might be used to do things like track music royalties or cargo containers with input from the many parties involved.“The students in my class are from every possible discipline,” said Campbell Harvey, a professor at Duke’s business school, who is teaching a class with 231 students this semester. “They understand that this is going to disrupt many different areas of business, and they want to be the disrupters, not the disruptees.”The computer scientists, meanwhile, are digging into the cryptography that virtual currencies use to secure their wallets and transaction data, as well as the design of the distributed computer networks that make blockchains possible.Last week, Stanford University hosted a three-day conference on the architecture and security of blockchain software, part of a new cottage industry in academic conferences and journals that have sprung up.“Let’s assume that tomorrow the price of Bitcoin drops down to $2,” said Nicolas Christin, a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, who is teaching a course on “Cryptocurrencies, Blockchains and Applications” this semester. “I still think it’s very cool from a technical standpoint.”Professors and students alike said that aside from the academic possibilities, familiarity with blockchain technology was becoming much more useful on the job market.The job site Indeed.com has reported a spike in job listings that mention the blockchain, and there is now an entire site, Crypto Jobs List, dedicated to opportunities in the young industry.Vinny Tuminelli, a business school student sitting at the back of the Berkeley class, said that during an internship at Anheuser-Busch last summer, the blockchain had come up in an “innovation team” he was on. When he met with his supervisor more recently, the topic came up again.“My original understanding was that it was just thrown out there as a buzzword,” Mr. Tuminelli said. “But now it seems like it has some legs behind it, and people are putting real resources toward it.”Students appear to have caught on to the opportunity faster than their professors. Berkeley students have created a campus club that offers multiple courses on blockchain technology, taught by the students themselves.The director of M.I.T.’s Digital Currency Initiative, Neha Narula, said that when it didn’t schedule a course for this semester, she got constant requests from students. So she put one together and is now co-teaching it.“Students are just fascinated with this area,” she said. “They want to learn about it desperately.”SAN FRANCISCO — You did not have to be a technophobe to worry that the virtual-currency boom of the past year papered over plenty of problems.The scale of those problems is starting to become clear as digital tokens have slid more than 50 percent in value from their peaks in early January, with steep drops on Monday pushing the value of Bitcoin specifically below $7,000.Hackers draining funds from online exchanges. Ponzi schemes. Government regulators unable to keep up with the rise of so-called cryptocurrencies. Signs of trouble have appeared at nearly every level of the industry, from the biggest exchanges to the news sites and chat rooms where the investment frenzy has been discussed.On Tuesday, the leaders of the two main regulatory agencies in the United States that oversee the technology, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, are to testify before the Senate banking committee about their efforts to police virtual currency markets. In the past two weeks, both have brought major cases, but people in the young industry said regulators had barely made a dent.Some virtual currency enthusiasts argue that the problems are no different from what has happened in other booms, like the internet bubble of the 1990s. But even true believers say the design of virtual currencies — meant to cut out middlemen and government authorities — has made bad behavior more prevalent amid this particular bubble.“Cryptocurrencies are almost a perfect vehicle for scams,” said Kevin Werbach, a professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “The combination of credulous buyers and low barriers for scammers were bound to lead to a high level of fraud, if and when the money involved got large. The fact that the money got huge almost overnight, before there were good regulatory or even self-regulatory models in place, made the problem acute.”The fall from the peaks of early January has been dizzying. The value of all outstanding virtual currencies has been cut by more than half, down over $400 billion as of Monday, according to the website Coinmarketcap.com.In January, the heads of the main regulators wrote  in The Wall Street Journal that the situation presented an unprecedented challenge. “These markets are new, evolving and international,” Jay Clayton, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s chairman, and J. Christopher Giancarlo, his counterpart at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, wrote. “As such they require us to be nimble and forward-looking.”Government agencies in the United States have shut down a few notable frauds. Early last month, securities regulators in Texas and North Carolina issued cease-and-desist orders to BitConnect, an operation that had grown to be worth $3 billion.But those moves only came after BitConnect had operated openly for months, collecting hundreds of millions of dollars from people around the world despite being labeled a Ponzi scheme by many prominent people in the virtual currency industry. BitConnect offered tokens on a decentralized network, similar to Bitcoin, but promised regular payouts to coin holders.In January, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shut down  My Big Coin, a purported swindle that had attracted $6 million.But regulators have not gotten near most of the brazen schemes that have popped up in the past year, many of which had been attacked by hackers first, or simply shut down by their operators after money had been raised.A new virtual currency, Proof of Weak Hands Coin, whose creators referred to it as a Ponzi scheme on Twitter and use a pyramid as a website logo, raised $800,000 before hackers got into its systems last week and drained its funds. Another pyramid scheme, MMM, which was shut down in an earlier incarnation by the Russian government, has been revived thanks to the popularity of Bitcoin and is operating openly, with particular success in Africa.One challenge facing regulators is that it is unclear how much of the deceptive activity they can legally control.Some online groups openly try to manipulate the prices of digital tokens in what are known as pump-and-dump schemes. Similar schemes involving stocks are illegal, but people operating the groups recently told BuzzFeed that they did not think the same rules applied to virtual currencies.Many schemes have been able to expand quickly because they do not use bank accounts and therefore do not have to win approval from established institutions. Instead, they are able to use virtual currency “wallets” without any approvals. And virtual currency transactions cannot be reversed like normal bank or even PayPal transfers.With regulators slow to crack down, the private sector has taken on a more important role. Facebook announced last week that it would no longer allow advertisements for virtual currency projects. On Friday, JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said they would bar customers from using credit cards to purchase virtual currencies; Citigroup followed suit on Monday.For investors, some of what has caused the most concern are well-intentioned businesses set up in a hurry with little outside oversight or time to work out kinks.Coincheck, which until last month was one of the largest exchanges in Japan, announced on Jan. 26 that it had lost nearly half a billion dollars of a virtual currency known as NEM, in what appeared to be the largest hack to hit the industry.Traders have been particularly worried about the largest Bitcoin exchange in the world, Bitfinex, an unregulated operation that has provided few details about its operations, raising concerns about whether it is insolvent or involved in price manipulation.In the United States, even the most widely used virtual currency company, Coinbase, has struggled to keep up with demand, shutting down trading for hours at particularly important moments, and attracting widespread complaints about its customer service.But the biggest number of incidents have cropped up around so-called initial coin offerings, in which entrepreneurs sell custom virtual currencies to investors to raise money for software they are building. About 890 projects raised over $6 billion last year, a 6,000 percent increase over the year before, according to Icodata.io, which tracks the offerings.The $240 million raised through one of the most successful initial coin offerings last year, Tezos, is already frozen in a dispute between the founders of the project and the board they created in Switzerland.Even established companies like Kodak have ended up chasing the riches without doing proper due diligence. The company delayed its own initial coin offering after it was revealed that the people assisting the venture had problematic histories and little relevant experience.Most of the newer virtual currency projects borrow their basic design from Bitcoin, which uses a network of computers to maintain its records so that no central government or authority is needed.That design has allowed Bitcoin and other virtual currencies to grow as fast as they have with no regard for international borders, attracting followers from Zimbabwe to South Korea. It has also allowed some of the most talked-about uses of the technology, helping people escape hyperinflation in Venezuela or transfer money across borders with lower fees. But it has also allowed in a lot of bad actors.“It is a perfect storm for the kind of scammy activity we are seeing, and it’s not obvious to me how that is easily removed,” said Fred Wilson, a partner at the venture capital firm Union Square Venture and one of the earliest advocates of Bitcoin in Silicon Valley. “Regulation, ideally prudent and informed regulation, can help. But we may also need to have a big correction to really clean things up.” Good Thursday morning. Here’s what we’re watching:• A tale of three tech companies earnings.• CBS and Viacom are talking about getting back together.• A shake-up in Airbnb’s C-suite• Why Europe matters for Facebook.• Regulators are worried that Bitcoin’s price is being manipulated.• Jeff Immelt has gone from C.E.O. to V.C.• And when will Congress raise the debt ceiling?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Apple reported record profit and sales, Amazon easily beat expectations, and Google-parent Alphabet posted a loss because of the new tax law.Here’s a look at the numbers:Apple• $20.1 billion — Apple’s profit during the quarter, up 12 percent.• $88.3 billion — Apple’s revenue for the quarter.• $61.6 billion — Revenue from iPhone sales, up 13 percent from a year earlier.• 77.3 million — The number of iPhones that Apple sold in the quarter, down 1 percent and below the 80.2 million analysts expected, according to Bloomberg.• $796 -- The average sale price of an iPhone, according to Bloomberg.• $60 billion to $62 billion — Apple's revenue guidance for the current quarter, well below analysts’ expectations of $65.9 billion.• $285 billion — Apple’s big cash pile.Critics CornerRobert Cryan of Breakingviews:Amazon• $1.9 billion —the e-commerce giant’s fourth-quarter profit, more than double its profit from a year ago and the first time Amazon’s earnings have surpassed $1 billion in a quarter.• $789 million —The boost to Amazon’s bottom line from a one-time tax benefit.• $60.5 billion — Amazon’s revenue in the quarter, up 38 percent and above analysts’ estimates of $59.8 billion.Critics cornerRobert Cryan of Breakingviews:Alphabet• $3.02 billion — The loss Alphabet reported for the fourth quarter.• $9.9 billion — The hit Alphabet took to its earnings related to the new tax law.• $32.32 billion — The search giant’s revenue for the quarter, up 27 percent from same period a year ago.Critics cornerJennifer Saba of Breakingviews:More than a decade after Viacom and CBS split, the boards of the two companies have formed a special committee to evaluate a possible merger.Why now• Shari Redstone, who along with her father, Sumner Redstone, controls the two companies, is pushing for a deal.Her previous effort to combine the two companies in 2016 faltered over the concerns of CBS’ directors and CBS’s chief executive, Les Moonves. According to media reports, Mr. Moonves may be more open to a deal, though the WSJ reports that he remains wary.• Walt Disney’s deal for much of 21st Century Fox late last year has sparked much strategic rethinking across the industry. Ms. Redstone believes that CBS and Viacom need greater scale to better compete with Disney, Netflix and Amazon.Critics cornerTara Lachapelle of Bloomberg Gadfly:Belinda Johnson is moving up. Laurence Tosi is moving out. And don’t expect the company to go public this year.What’s happening: Ms. Johnson, who’s currently the home-rental company’s chief business affairs and legal officer, will become its chief operating officer. Meanwhile, Mr. Tosi, who had been Airbnb’s chief financial officer since coming over from Blackstone, will leave the company to focus on his investment fund.Airbnb has hired a search firm to find a new C.F.O. Ellie Mertz, the company’s head of global financial planning, will fill in that role on an interim basis.Between the lines• Ms. Johnson had been a rising star at Airbnb, often compared to Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg as the company’s business-minded grown-up in the room.• Mr. Tosi had been increasingly at odds with Airbnb’s C.E.O., Brian Chesky, over strategy. (The Information covered their disputes — which were over both strategy and tactics — in great detail.)The context Airbnb is heading ever so slowly toward an initial public offering. It hired Ken Chenault as its first outside director, for example, and promoting its most successful business mind to C.O.O. is another step in that direction. Still losing its C.F.O. — particularly one well versed in Wall Street — could set those plans back a bit.The company lineHere’s Mr. Chesky on Ms. Johnson:And here’s a statement from Eric Holder, the former U.S. Attorney General who has been advising the company on anti-discrimination policies:And here’s Mr. Chesky on Mr. Tosi:— Michael J. de la MercedSome of the most consequential battles in the world of technology are playing out in Europe, where governments are cracking down on tech giants like Google and Facebook.Facebook’s quarterly results, released Wednesday, provide crucial information for better understanding the balance of power between Silicon Valley titans and the democracies of Europe.The results clearly showed the importance of the European market to Facebook’s future growth. The company’s average revenue per European user in the fourth quarter of 2017 was $8.86, well below the $26.76 that Facebook rakes in per user in the United States and Canada.Facebook should be able to move that European number a lot higher in the coming years. Europe’s economy is only a bit smaller than the United States’, and the Continent contains prosperous nations whose citizens are just as addicted to social media as Americans. Indeed, Facebook has more daily active users in Europe than in the United States and Canada (277 million versus 184 million.) What is more, total European daily active users grew in the fourth quarter, while the United States and Canada number edged lower.All this helps explain why the growth in European revenue per user, at nearly 50 percent in the fourth quarter versus the year-earlier period, is significantly higher than the 35 percent rate for the United States and Canada.What does this mean for Facebook as European countries introduce measures aimed at protecting their citizens that may go beyond what the company is used to in the United States?Given how lucrative Europe is and will be to Facebook, it may be willing to spend what it takes to comply with new regulations, and even tolerate any inefficiencies the rules impose on its advertising business. Indeed, Facebook itself says it wants to make its network safer for users and democracies. But if there is any slip in that stance, Europe’s leaders, seeing how important their countries are to Facebook’s bottom line, arguably have considerable leverage to respond.— Peter EavisIts price on Thursday: $8,915Its all-time high hit on Dec. 18: $19,511.That’s more than a 50 percent slide, and it marks it lowest price since November. To put the Bitcoin’s recent slide in perspective, the cryptocurrency has lost $44 billion in market value last month, according to Bloomberg.The tumble has continued so far in February. Bitcoin is down 11 percent Thursday.Regulators are increasingly worried that Bitfinex, a widely used (and famously opaque) exchange, has been propping it up. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission has subpoenaed the company, whose Tether digital token is often used to buy other virtual currencies.More from Nathaniel Popper of the NYT:Where we stand: According to CoinMarketCap, Bitcoin is trading at $9,545, down almost 7 percent over the last 24 hours, Ethereum’s Ether at $1,099, and Ripple’s XRP at $1.05, down 7 percent.The digital money flyaround• How Goldman Sachs was rushed into supporting Bitcoin. (Bloomberg)• Meet Bibor, a proposed interest rate for lending Bitcoin. (Bloomberg)• Samsung is making specialist chips for mining virtual currency. (CNBC)The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, is reporting that Saudi Arabia’s Aramco and Google’s parent, Alphabet, are in talks to build a tech hub within the kingdom.Details, including when and if a deal will come to fruition, remain scant at this point.The contextSaudi Arabia is seeking to diversify its economy away from oil, and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has made developing Saudi Arabia’s tech sector a key part of his “Vision 2030” plan. In late 2016, he traveled to Silicon Valley to promote those reforms, and the kingdom has taken bigger steps in recent years into the tech investing world.That year Saudi Arabia poured $3.5 billion into Uber, and its Public Investment Fund put $45 billion into SoftBank’s $100 billion Vision Fund, which is making eye-popping investments in tech companies.An interesting point, from the WSJ article:It isn’t clear how setting up tech hubs could fundamentally transform an oil company into a tech company — and therefore command a higher multiple — but it’d be interesting to see bankers make that argument.— Stephen GrocerThe former G.E. chairman and C.E.O. will focus on tech and health care companies in his new role as a partner at N.E.A., one of the biggest V.C. firms in the world (that isn’t named SoftBank).From the release:and:(Worth noting: Mr. Immelt’s successor at G.E. is struggling to turn that company around. See below.)Mr. Immelt is only the latest corporate chieftain to find his next act in venture capital. Earlier this week, Ken Chenault announced that he would become chairman of General Catalyst Partners.Mr. Immelt himself famously dallied with Silicon Valley last year, when he was in the running to become Uber’s next C.E.O.— Michael J. de la MercedThe good news: Its fourth-quarter earnings handily beat expectations. The average price per ad went up 43 percent.The possibly bad news: Mark Zuckerberg said changes to the News Feed had cut 50 million hours a day from the time users spent on it (as Shira Ovide of Gadfly points out, that’s about 2 minutes less each).Here’s where our colleague Peter Eavis says investors should focus:Today’s a big day for tech earnings• Apple: Everyone wants to know how well the iPhone X has sold — well enough to start a new “supercycle”?• Alphabet: Will Google’s hardware sales make its nonadvertising business more than a tiny blip in earnings?• Amazon: Will Wall Street have finally got the fourth-quarter results right? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯• Is digital advertising what’s wrong with the internet? (NYT)• More than a million followers have disappeared from the accounts of dozens of prominent Twitter users in recent days. Funny, that. (NYT)• Microsoft’s cloud computing push continues to pay off. (NYT)• Uber is offering bicycle sharing in San Francisco. (NYT)• EBay will shift its payments business from PayPal. That pummeled PayPal’s share price in after-hours trading. (Bloomberg)• The Twitter co-founder Biz Stone and the Craigslist co-founder Craig Newmark are investing in a fact-checking start-up. (Bloomberg)Steven Mnuchin urged lawmakers to do it quickly, amid worries that the government could run out of borrowing capacity late this month. (The Congressional Budget Office has changed its estimate because of the tax cuts.)The Treasury secretary argued that the cuts would eventually pay for themselves, but conceded that it wouldn’t happen this year.In the meantime, the Treasury Department said that the size of Treasury auctions will increase. And Republicans are increasingly split over whether to keep supporting short-term bills to keep the government operating.The policy flyaround• Robert Mueller appears to be focusing on the White House’s initial statement about a June 2016 meeting between Trump campaign officials and Russian individuals over potential dirt on Hillary Clinton. (NYT)• The F.B.I. made an unusual public statement opposing the release of a secret House Intelligence Committee memo about surveillance of a Trump campaign aide. (NYT)• A federal appeals court ruled that the president could fire the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s director only for cause. (NYT)• The E.U. is preparing measures to stop Britain undercutting it on tax or regulation after Brexit. (FT)• The Treasury Department insisted that new sanctions are coming against Russian individuals close to Vladimir Putin. (Bloomberg)• Prosecutors have dropped corruption charges against Senator Bob Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey. (NYT)• The director of the C.D.C., Brenda Fitzgerald, resigned after she was reported to have bought stock in a tobacco company. (Politico)Yesterday’s meeting, Janet Yellen’s last as Fed chairwoman, left rates unchanged. But the accompanying statement hinted that higher inflation — and rate hikes — might be around the corner.Analysts’ takes:• Economists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch write, “This shows that the Fed is taking notice of the recent shift in market perception about inflation.”• Ian Shepherdson of Pantheon Macroeconomics writes, “In short, the statement sets up the March hike, which will be followed by Jay Powell’s first press conference.”• Diane Swonk of Grant Thornton said, “Everything from stronger growth at home and abroad to debt-financed tax cuts have raised expectations for inflation.”The scene at the Fed yesterday, from Binyamin Appelbaum of the NYT:Analysts over at Deutsche Bank think so. They wrote in a research note yesterday:G.E. is the last survivor of the index’s 12 original components from when it started in 1896, and has been in it continuously for more than 110 years.More on G.E.’s troubles in Bloomberg Businessweek’s cover story.• SoftBank agreed to buy a majority stake in the cellphone service unit of Line, a Japanese messaging company. (CNBC)• Brookfield Asset Management is in talks to buy Forest City Realty Trust, a fellow real estate owner with a market value of about $6.2 billion, according to unnamed sources. (Bloomberg)• CVC Capital Partners has hired Morgan Stanley and UBS to lead an initial public offering of the antivirus company Avast Software, which could be the biggest ever in British tech, according to unnamed sources. (Reuters)• Meet the three-month old boutique investment bank that helped put together the Blackstone Group’s $20 billion deal for Thomson Reuters’ financial information unit. (Bloomberg)• General Assembly, the coding boot camp, may sell itself. (Reuters)• Tell us your memories of Xerox as the onetime corporate icon strikes a deal with Fujifilm of Japan. (NYT)The state’s gaming commission is looking into the numerous, decade-spanning sexual assault and misconduct allegations against Steve Wynn. It has the power to revoke the operating license for Wynn Boston Harbor, the biggest single-phase development in Massachusetts history, which is expected to create thousands of jobs.More from Susan Pulliam, Jon Kamp, Chris Kirkham and Kate O’Keeffe of the WSJ:Shares in Wynn Resorts fell more than 3 percent yesterday.• Stephen Cutler, who spent 11 years at JPMorgan, mostly as its general counsel, has joined Simpson Thacher & Bartlett as a litigation partner. (Simpson Thacher)• The public relations firm Brunswick Group has hired Bob Zoellick, the former president of the World Bank, and Pascal Lamy, the former director general of the World Trade Organization, as part of a new consultancy focused on geopolitical advice. (Brunswick)Our colleagues want to know how you’re thinking about retirement. They’ll use the best responses in a forthcoming special section.• U.S. prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas in an investigation into potential corruption at international sports bodies, and exploring bringing charges of racketeering, money laundering and fraud. (NYT)• BMW and Daimler said they had taken action against executives involved in an organization that sponsored emissions experiments on monkeys. (NYT)• Equifax began offering a free service on Wednesday that promised to let consumers lock their credit files using their cellphones. It didn’t work. (NYT)• Some of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke’s rapid moves on environmental regulation look vulnerable to legal challenge, experts say. (NYT)• SoFi is laying off dozens of employees in its mortgage division, according to people familiar with the matter. It used to highlight the area as a growth prospect. (WSJ)• Hong Kong developers and distressed debt and private credit funds are lining up to offer financing to HNA, bankers and property investors say. (FT)• David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital lost roughly 6 percent in January, extending a multiyear period of weakness. (WSJ)• Private equity heavyweights like K.K.R., Carlyle and Apollo have started issuing U.S. preferred shares, which pay higher interest than traditional bonds and can be a highly efficient way to raise capital. (FT)• Hedge funds have earned spectacular payoffs from bearish bets against companies like Steinhoff International and Carillion, but can accounting sleuths expect more wins on that scale? (FT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — The creators of the famous Forbes rich list have made their first attempt to identify the wealthiest people in the virtual currency industry. Yet the list that was published on Wednesday, right after major drops in virtual currency prices, inadvertently also served as a reminder of the fleeting nature of that wealth.While the list in Forbes magazine, which was assembled in recent weeks, identifies about 10 virtual currency billionaires, most of them were not billionaires by the time the feature went online on Wednesday morning. On Monday alone, the prices of many virtual currencies plummeted over 20 percent, before stabilizing on Tuesday.At the top of the list is Chris Larsen, a founder of the Ripple virtual currency. Mr. Larsen was briefly estimated to be wealthier than Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg last month when Ripple’s price peaked, taking his net wealth to nearly $60 billion.Since then, the price of Ripple’s digital token, XRP, has fallen more than 80 percent. Forbes put Mr. Larsen’s wealth at around $8 billion, but the same holdings were worth less than $6 billion by Wednesday.Mr. Larsen is followed on the Forbes list by Joseph Lubin, an early investor in the Ethereum virtual currency network; Changpeng Zhao, founder of the virtual currency exchange Binance; the brothers Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, longtime Bitcoin investors who are famous from their legal battles with Mr. Zuckerberg over Facebook; and Matthew Mellon, the banking heir who is now a major holder of XRP.The list is a reminder of how the biggest gains in virtual currencies have been reaped by a small number of early adopters — despite the early promises that virtual currencies could democratize the financial system and spread wealth more evenly.Nearly all of the people on the list either helped found virtual currencies or have been involved with them for years. Recent efforts to quantify the inequality among Bitcoin holders have found that it is significantly higher than in even the most stratified countries, which may sting many people who recently rushed into virtual currencies and are now sitting on losses.For early virtual currency adopters like the people on the Forbes list, the recent price declines are not catastrophic. The price of Bitcoin is still up 600 percent from a year ago, and up 70,000 percent from when the Winklevoss twins began buying in 2012.Identifying the richest people in the secretive and paranoid virtual currency realm is far from easy; some of it is guesswork. Mr. Lubin, whom Forbes pegged as the second-wealthiest person in the virtual currency universe, illustrates the difficulties. He told the magazine that he had begun selling his Ethereum tokens, known as Ether, last year to fund his business, ConsenSys. Because Forbes could not verify his holdings, the magazine put his wealth at between $1 billion and $5 billion before the most recent price declines.The normal Forbes billionaires list is easier to compile because the richest people in the world generally have most of their wealth tied up in stock holdings, which usually have to be disclosed for big public companies. With virtual currencies, it is not necessary to disclose your identity, and the system was created by people who were interested in protecting financial privacy.Many large holders of virtual currencies are loath to acknowledge their holdings for privacy and security reasons, and many people who are rumored to have giant Bitcoin stockpiles are not on the Forbes list.Perhaps the most notable omission is Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of Bitcoin, whose identity has been guessed at many times but never confirmed. Researchers have guessed that Satoshi, as the creator is known, most likely amassed about one million Bitcoins during the network’s first year, when few other people were mining new tokens. Those Bitcoins would now be worth around $7 billion.Others have publicly claimed to have large holdings without verifying those holdings. Brock Pierce, a former child actor and the leader of a virtual currency community in Puerto Rico, has said he would donate $1 billion of his virtual currency fortune to charity, but Forbes said, “He refuses to provide documentation that proves he has anywhere near that much money.” The magazine estimated Mr. Pierce’s wealth at between $700 million and $1 billion.The list suggests that inventing virtual currencies can end up being less lucrative than investing in them. The magazine estimated that the inventor of Ethereum, Vitalik Buterin, is less wealthy than two early investors, Mr. Lubin and Anthony Di Iorio, who had previously managed his family’s patio-door business in Canada.And while three big holders of Ripple’s token, XRP, are on the list, the inventor of the digital token, Jed McCaleb, is not.