For five and a half years, nearly the entire tenure of its chief executive, Virginia M. Rometty, IBM has reported a steady erosion of revenue.Selling off its chip manufacturing and smaller data-center computer businesses contributed to the decline. So, too, did the fact that new businesses like cloud computing, data analytics and artificial intelligence had not yet grown big enough to make up for the downturn in IBM’s traditional hardware and software products.But IBM’s half-decade losing streak will most likely end on Thursday, analysts predict, when the company reports its quarterly performance.The crossover to growth would be a long-awaited bright spot for Ms. Rometty and IBM, a challenged giant that has been overshadowed in recent years by the younger technology giants on the West Coast.Even if IBM delivers a revenue gain, however, the bigger question facing the company remains: Has Ms. Rometty turned it around?Skeptics abound. IBM is expected to have gotten an extra lift in the most recent quarter from currency gains and strong sales of a new line of mainframe computers. Without that help, the company’s revenue would decline by 2 percent or so, according to an estimate from A. M. Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein.“Is a turnaround afoot? I don’t see it yet,” Mr. Sacconaghi said.There is no doubt, though, that there are signs of progress at IBM, which would not comment on its financial picture before the release of the earning report. So much attention is focused on the company’s top line because revenue is the broadest measure of the headway IBM is making in a difficult transformation toward cloud computing, data handling and A.I. offerings for corporate customers.The new businesses — “strategic imperatives,” IBM calls them — now account for 45 percent of the company’s revenue. And though it still has a ways to go, IBM has steadily built up those operations — and gained converts.The number of software developers using its cloud technology has doubled in the last year, IBM says, though it would not provide numbers. On Wednesday, Barclays upgraded IBM’s stock to a buy and noted its long-term opportunity in the cloud market. IBM’s stock price, a notable laggard as markets have surged in recent years, has climbed nearly 10 percent so far this year.IBM was slow to recognize the significance of cloud computing and software tools delivered as Internet-style services. In artificial intelligence, the company scored a research and public relations triumph in 2011, when its Watson system defeated human champions in the question-and-answer game, “Jeopardy!” But IBM first applied the Watson technology to the daunting realm of cancer research, a lengthy struggle with little short-term financial reward.Today, IBM trails well behind Amazon Web Services and Microsoft in the cloud market, according to analysts. Yet IBM has invested heavily in more than 60 cloud data centers in 19 countries in the past three years. And the most recent analysis by IDC, a technology research firm, and a report last month by Jefferies, a Wall Street firm, ranked IBM third in the category, ahead of Google.The Watson technology has been retooled as dozens of different services including text understanding, language translation, image recognition and sentiment analysis — all delivered via the cloud and available à la carte.IBM’s strategy is to offer businesses cloud computing, A.I. technology and industry expertise tailored for each customer. Big companies, said David Kenny, senior vice president for IBM’s Watson and cloud businesses, are adapting cloud and A.I. technology to make their businesses faster and smarter.“We start from our strength in knowing how enterprises operate,” Mr. Kenny said. “We’re a trusted partner for companies in this data and A.I. wave.”Companies want to move quickly, Mr. Kenny said, but they often want to exploit the speed and flexibility of cloud technology from within their own computer centers, where they figure their vital business data is more secure.AT&T began a project with IBM last fall to accelerate the use of cloud technology in developing and updating the telecommunications giant’s 2,200 in-house software applications. IBM — a longtime technology supplier to AT&T — was chosen both for its cloud expertise and its industry knowledge, said Sorabh Saxena, AT&T’s president of business operations.The AT&T-IBM collaboration involves breaking down programs into cloud-based building blocks of code called microservices, each of which handles a certain task. So a new feature for mobile payments, for example, can be adopted quickly by updating a few lines of code rather than having to rewrite an entire program.Most of this business software uses cloud technology that runs inside AT&T data centers — in a so-called private cloud, in contrast to a public cloud in which computing services are delivered from remote data centers owned by another company. Many corporations opt for private clouds to house their most sensitive customer and business data.“For certain parts of our business, IBM was the ideal partner,” Mr. Saxena said.IBM emphasizes its hybrid stance in the cloud market, offering both private and public cloud technology to its corporate clients. In its financial reporting, IBM also includes all the hardware, software and services it sells to companies to build private clouds in its total cloud revenue, which would put it on a par with Amazon.Most industry analysts focus on the public cloud market, assuming it will grow faster as companies build fewer data centers themselves. In the public cloud market, IBM has revenue of about $2 billion a year, growing at 30 percent, according to the most recent estimate by IDC. By contrast, Amazon generates more than $12 billion a year and Microsoft about $6.5 billion.Yet for IBM, its underlying cloud software is crucial to building a big A.I. business with Watson. “IBM has a strong set of assets in A.I.,” said Ed Anderson, an analyst at Gartner. “And cloud is the answer to getting Watson in the hands of developers.”That was the appeal for Opentopic, a start-up that uses A.I. technology to mine online and corporate data for marketing insights. Opentopic switched from Amazon Web Services to the IBM cloud in 2015, largely to tap Watson’s code modules for text, image and sentiment analysis, so the Opentopic developers had to write less code themselves.“It allows us to prototype rapidly,” said Andre Konig, a co-founder of Opentopic. “And Watson is the artificial intelligence layer that makes that possible.”The start-up’s clients include Unilever, Abbott Laboratories and The Economist. Today, Opentopic does all its software development on the IBM cloud, but that will most likely change soon.It is working with a new company that runs its business on the Amazon cloud. “We need to be where our customers are,” Mr. Konig said. “The future is going to be multi-cloud,” meaning businesses will use various services.His comment points to a brewing issue for IBM — and perhaps one that will help determine the resilience of Ms. Rometty’s turnaround campaign.IBM is putting all its advanced technology on the cloud — not just artificial intelligence, but also blockchain and quantum computing. If others are leaders in the underlying cloud layers, why not focus higher up and distribute its leading-edge technology on other clouds as well?IBM says its Watson software, for example, is fine-tuned down to the chip level for the IBM cloud. But some analysts suggest that IBM may eventually take another path, working with Amazon, Microsoft and Google.“If IBM does that,” said Frank Gens, IDC’s chief analyst, “its chance of being a cloud leader goes way up.”Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on Australia, news of the world, and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter. Want to receive it by email? Sign up here.______A few newsletters ago, I asked for your help. Could we, together, vanquish Canada?Could we add more new sign-ups to the Australia Letter than my colleague, Ian Austen, could add to his newsletter, the Canada Letter?Since Canada had more than double our subscriber base to pull from, it was an epic challenge. Not quite like trying to reach the third round of the Australian Open when you’re only 15 years old. But sort of.And you did it.Marta Kostyuk became the youngest woman to reach the third round of a Grand Slam in 21 years this week; and as of Thursday night, 1,921 people signed up for the Australia Letter since my plea at the end of November, compared to 1,334 for the Canada Letter.A toast goes to all those who signed up or who helped sign up friends. Thank you. (Here’s the sign-up page for those still eager to contribute.)Special thanks also goes to those who supported our effort in Australia by giving the gift of a The New York Times subscription for the holidays.And for those looking to exhibit that famous Aussie competitiveness, Kate Moss is the one to beat. Here’s what she wrote to us in December:Now before some of you get all cross with me for the self-celebratory tone, let me also say this: We’re not yet where we aim to be.The Australia bureau is less than a year old and we still have a lot to learn about how to make sure we’re telling the stories — and sharing the stories beyond this continent — that will add value to your routine.As always, we’re eager to hear from you. If you have a story tip, an investigative lead, or an anecdote for our Australia Diary, email us at nytaustralia@nytimes.com.We’re also pushing forward with brainstorming of our own.I just got back from an annual meeting of New York Times correspondents in the Asia-Pacific region. For three days in Hong Kong, dozens of New York Times journalists huddled together to talk about coverage for the coming year.We discussed how China is changing under Xi Jinping, what “the China model” actually is, and how it is influencing the world at a time of American retreat.We discussed the direction of India and Myanmar. We discussed religion and democracy. We talked about suicide in Japan, protests in Iran, how technology is being used to reshape interaction for us all.We also ate some amazing food. (Peking duck. Lots of it, among other things.)And of course, we talked about Australia and New Zealand.Interest in this part of the world seems to be growing. As a result, you can expect more visitors this year and a wider range of coverage.Truly, The New York Times here and everywhere is an evolving effort. We’re eager to do great work, and eager to engage our (and your) collective curiosity.So let’s get to it.Here’s this week’s roundup of stories, plus a recommendation for what to listen to while you enjoy the summer heat.See you on Twitter and in our NYT Australia Facebook group!______A former CIA agent was arrested and charged with helping the Chinese government identify informants inside China — possibly explaining why several informants were killed or imprisoned in a major collapse of the American spy network in China.President Trump received a perfect score on a test screening for neurological impairment on Tuesday. The special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, has subpoenaed the president’s former chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, to testify before a grand jury investigating links between the President Trump’s associates and Russia.______To bitcoin or not to bitcoin?As the price of the behemoth cryptocurrency wavered this week, our reporters dove into the world of virtual currency to examine a tightknit group of friends and enthusiasts who hope to shake up the monetary status quo.If you’re in the mood for a longer read, check out this feature from our magazine, where one writer explains why blockchain platforms could make not just money, but history.And have you heard of Ripple, another cryptocurrency that briefly made one of its co-founders richer than Mark Zuckerberg last week?______Grab your raquets. These are the players we’re closely watching at this year’s Australian Open. This is where to find our coverage of all the most important moments and back stories.And remember that whole same-sex marriage thing? We attended one of the first gay weddings for a look at the excitement among vendors who are expecting a boom to the tune of $650 million Australian dollars over the next 12 months.In this week’s Australia Diary, we gathered a collection of poetry that reflects on moments of beauty in nature.And Friday means it’s time for another Besha Rodell review. Return here to be the first to read it.______• Aziz Ansari Is Guilty. Of Not Being a Mind Reader, writes editor Bari Weiss, after a story detailing a sexual encounter between an anonymous woman and the comedian went public, adding another layer to the #metoo conversation.• In Hawaii, Readers React to a Missile Attack False Alarm. “Imagine learning that you have only minutes to live. I texted my family that I loved them because the cell service was overloaded and I couldn’t get a call out,” one reader recalled.• Can a Jew Love France? Alexander Aciman explores the muddled allegiances and yearnings of his French and Jewish heritage.Via our resident podcast fanatic, Isabella Kwai:Check out The Heart, a recently-ended podcast from Brooklyn that looks at all the pieces that make up love — it’s unflinchingly honest, frequently touching. While on my leisurely walk to work, I couldn’t stop listening to this episode about a mother and daughter going on a cruise.Recently, my brother experienced a cryptocurrency windfall. Almost overnight, $300 ballooned into tens of thousands, and now he can remodel his basement. Maybe. I don’t know. I suppose he can if he finds the money lurking behind the math.Since the spring, I have furrowed my brow through two lunches, three dinners and half a dozen kaffeeklatsches during which my conversation partners made pronouncements about the ever-mystifying Bitcoin. They were certain of the simplicity of what I call “space money,” certain of its life cycle, certain of its dynamics.My mind, on the other hand, can manage only a few key words before it charges merrily toward free association: Bitcoin, blockchain, key chain, chain of fools, fools rush in, Salma Hayek, etc.Throughout these brain-blitz discussions, my boyfriend sat beside me and, I assumed, shared my skepticism. But then the impassioned talk would animate him, and I wondered if he, too, may soon invest. And I judged them all for it.I thought: “Why invest in something you can never hold in hand?” Faith in things unseen, with the stakes as high as they are — I couldn’t surrender to it.And that’s curious, because I’m a religious person: hopeful, faithful and forever looking toward the nothingness of sky knowing, in my bones, that there’s a “there” there.But with love, I was focused on something tangible. I could see what I was holding. The very flesh of it. And I knew it was substantial enough to warrant all of my beaten-down but unrelenting faith.I was holding someone who generated so much noise, in me and for us. He stimulated thought and conversation in a way that felt endlessly curious.He was insistent about everything: that people apologize, that he bring hot tea to his evening doorman, that deodorant and body spray are one and the same, that I drink more water.He was set ablaze by the political news ticker. He had dreams for this country and suffered no one’s apathy.He preferred winter to summer and took to snow like a child.When he painted — a leisure habit he was trying to incorporate into his everyday life — there was no leisure in it. He was fierce, self-deprecating and determined.He loved his family as I did mine: completely, proudly and with the highest priority.Whenever I placed a meal before him, he looked like a recent escapee from prison, wild-eyed and deliriously happy.His absurd physical comedy worked like a charm on me.And for someone born in the 1990s, he had an inexplicable love of jazz.When we first met, I was battling to extricate myself from a relationship with someone profoundly kind but with whom I was misaligned. Months after the demise of that relationship, I saw him again, at a lazy Saturday gathering of friends. Engrossed in an hourslong conversation, we ignored everyone else all afternoon until I let him walk me home.I knew he would ask me for a date before long, and, after twice declining in consideration of a friend who had once dated him, I could no longer resist. He felt too familiar to bypass. As if, despite having no shared roots, we had been growing toward this encounter all along.On our first date, I belly laughed multiple times. I thought of my friend Rebecca, who instinctively knew that the man who is now her husband was “it” because of a sidesplitting first dinner.On our second date, we lay awake on the cold cement in Joan of Arc Park until the birds began their morning repertoire.And, at the end of our third, he huddled beside me in a bus station, pressed play on “Try a Little Tenderness” and slipped his phone into his breast pocket, the music drifting between us like the softest and most fated stitching of time.Six months later, walking through Midtown amid the bitter November cold, we noticed a bedraggled man peering into the window of a pizza shop, retreating to the curb, and then returning to look through the panes.My boyfriend asked if he was hungry and pressed a sandwich into his hands. The man thanked us, but then met our gaze beseechingly and said, “How did you know?”I listened long enough to hear my boyfriend say, “We didn’t. You just looked a little tired,” before I turned my back and burst into tears.A month later, my boyfriend would say that this was the moment he fell in love with me. For me, it was just one of hundreds of times I fell in love with him all over again.Like the time he defended me against a critical friend. Or when he was waiting in my office one morning with a sly smile on his face and flowers in his hands. Or when he sneaked into my apartment to assemble a behemoth of an armchair. Or when he deferred to my expertise in conversations about education. Or when he fed my niece supper. Or when he capaciously took interest in my friends or childhood home, people and places to which he had no connection other than me. Or when he fearfully, but finally, said he loved me.Every time I introduced him to friends, I felt proud. He was magnetic, interested, interesting and always warm.To be fair, a month into our relationship, he said he was worried about the pressure my readiness for commitment might visit upon him. But I believed there was something between us that could not be replicated. I had a hunch, even then, that this union bore my sought-after truth — that we vibrated at the same frequency and would always grow in lock-step pace.Several months later, after a painful fight, we parted at the subway — I in sadness and he in anger. But moments later, he came bounding down the stairwell just as my train arrived, followed me into the car and said he felt sick the instant he’d left me.Over the coming months, he would say that we were his deepest love, that he had no reservations about me, just about his own readiness.Piteously, I would hear only the first part.For years before we met, I had been consumed by a numbness that utterly reduced me. The pain of leaving home to attempt adulthood was exacerbated by my inability to find peace in partnership. I tried to turn every relationship into a love that could replace the mighty one with which I was raised, but they left me feeling unseen or stagnant.With him, though, I felt alive. I felt like the version of myself I long assumed had been dead and buried. And I began to believe that I was meant to be paralyzed by fear throughout all of those tumultuous years so that, when he finally appeared, I would be free to love him.I started to understand what others had always described: the softening of edges that certainty affords us. All the things that might have troubled me about him — his inability to hear me when he was fixed upon a computer screen, his lukewarm interest in fiction, his occasional melodrama — could be set aside if it meant that I could keep him.For the first time in my life, I didn’t label our differences as damning. They were the space within which we divided, leaving room for us to yearn for each other, to be dazzled by our distinctiveness, to always want to draw the other closer.Everyone with whom I have discussed Bitcoin has affirmed that it is a system based on trust. These elusive wonder coins bear and accrue value because of the shared faith that miners and moneymakers place in them.And now, I’m kicking myself for not investing some paltry sum at an earlier date.All along, I thought I was holding something of value because I could see and feel it. But realness and value are products of shared and equal faith, no matter if in things unseen. I can’t find or visualize Bitcoins, and I will never understand how complex math brings them deeper into reality. But when people equally believe in them, they become viable.He and I, on the other hand, were doing our arithmetic separately, in each of our messy minds. And while I will never understand how someone could hold the full weight of me in his arms and choose to let go, I understand that his final calculus was different from mine.With Bitcoin, you know exactly how much you invest, how much you stand to lose, how much you own.Going into this — my hard-won, full-bodied love — I only knew that I had everything to gain. And I just thought that, if I could see it, feel it and know it to be true, it couldn’t possibly disappear.But between my brother and me, one of us now has a soon-to-be remodeled home, its reliable cemented foundation paid for by “space money.” And the other, palms bare, remains suspended in space.Good Tuesday and happy new year!• Bitcoin’s value jumped as Peter Thiel’s venture firm emerged as an investor in the currency.• Regulatory concerns sink Ant Financial’s purchase of MoneyGram.• The Nasdaq Composite closed above 7,000 for the first time.• Breakingviews thinks 2018 will be a frothy, frustrating year.• The analyst Gene Munster thinks Amazon should make a big leap into brick-and-mortar retail.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The value of the digital currency leapt about $1,000 this afternoon. Why? Turns out that the venture capitalist and his firm are believers.From Rob Copeland of the WSJ:As of this writing, Bitcoin is valued at about $14,655.Why buy Bitcoin? Founders Fund is, after all, a venture firm rather than a hedge fund. But the firm apparently believes that start-up valuations currently are sky-high, while digital currencies will continue to climb in worth.Has Founders Fund made money? The WSJ reports, citing its unnamed sources, that the firm bought about $15 million in Bitcoin and that its stake is now worth hundreds of millions of dollars.— Michael J. de la MercedSo much for Jack Ma’s charm offensive.United States officials have effectively killed Ant Financial’s $1.2 billion bid to buy MoneyGram.Ant Financial, the electronic payments company controlled by Mr. Ma, became the latest Chinese firm to have its acquisition of an American company fall apart because it was unable to secure approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or Cfius.The deal failed despite a charm offensive by Jack Ma, the Chinese internet. Shortly after President Trump won the 2016 election, Mr. Ma famously stood with the president-elect in Trump Tower in New York City and pledged that his e-commerce empire would help create one million American jobs.The attempted purchase of MoneyGram was seen as a test of the Trump administration’s political and regulatory approach to China, and the deal’s failure could spell trouble for other Chinese companies considering major acquisitions.The strong flow of Chinese money into the United States has prompted growing worries. Lawmakers from both parties have introduced legislation calling for greater scrutiny of Chinese investments in the United States. They are pushing for a significant expansion of Cfius, a multiagency panel that reviews foreign deals for potential threats to national security.Of the deal, Richard Beales of Breakingviews writes:MoneyGram’s shares are down 6.8 percent after the close.The Nasdaq Composite rose 1.5 percent Tuesday to close above 7,000 for the first time.The gain was driven by Netflix, Facebook, Google-parent Alphabet and Apple, which jumped between 18 percent and 4.8 percent.Tuesday’s rally follows a 28 percent gain for the Nasdaq last year. That beat the 25 percent gain for the Dow Jones industrial average and the 19 percent rise for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index.So how stretched are valuations for the Nasdaq? As of Friday, the index was trading at 27.55 times the last 12 months of earnings, well above the S.&P. 500′s level of 18.27 times earnings, according to the WSJ’s Ben Eisen. But the Nasdaq’s current price-to-earnings ratio remains well below 72.2, which it hit in March 2000.Extra Credit: Yes, Apple, Microsoft and Amazon.com drove the Nasdaq’s run to 7,000. But Riot Blockchain saw the biggest percentage gain between the Nasdaq’s first close above 6,000 in April to its close above 7,000 on Tuesday, writes the WSJ’s Chelsey Dulaney. Shares of Riot “surged more than 640 percent during that period, with the bulk of those gains coming after the company switched its focus to investing in blockchain technology October.”Shot: Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican of Utah, won’t run for re-election, according to the NYT. That gives Mitt Romney — former presidential candidate, former Massachusetts governor, former private equity mogul, current (and increasingly frequent) Trump critic — a chance to run for the seat.Chaser:— Michael J. de la MercedMoney is cheap, the global economy is gaining momentum and markets are at records. “Yet things look less reassuring close up,” writes Quentin Webb of Breakingviews.With that as the backdrop, here are a few of Breakingviews’ predictions for 2018:In investing• “For the first time in years, rich-world bond issuance will outstrip buying by the Fed and friends,” and “bond vigilantes will rise from the dead.”• “Passive funds will, despite their name, dethrone a chief executive.”In tech• “In tech, investors can consider a tasty new dish: SLAW, for Spotify, Lyft, Airbnb and WeWork, four prospective candidates for public life.”• Apple’s position as a privacy-sensitive hardware specialist will give it some shelter from mounting anger at Silicon Valley’s power and lack of accountability.— Stephen GrocerWe’re just two days into 2018, and we already have a huge M.&A. prediction, courtesy of the analyst Gene Munster.From his note yesterday:Getting the timing on this is difficult, but seeing the value of the combination is easy. Amazon believes the future of retail is a mix of mostly online and some offline. Target is the ideal offline partner for Amazon for two reasons, shared demographic and manageable but comprehensive store count.It’s a big, if logical, assumption given the ever-expanding empire that Amazon has been assembling — one that has put more and more industry incumbents on their back heels.Target shares were up nearly 4 percent as of this afternoon.Could Amazon afford Target?Short answer: Yes.Long answer: Yes, but it’d be pretty expensive. Target’s market capitalization as of Tuesday morning was nearly $37 billion. Amazon had about $24.3 billion in cash and short-term investments on its balance sheet as of Sept. 30, meaning that the company would have to borrow a hefty amount.Assuming a 20 percent takeover premium, Target would be almost $40 billion.Amazon could pay in stock as well as cash, but it hasn’t struck a big deal using stock since its takeover of Zappos in 2009. And stock remains an expensive form of currency, though that hasn’t stopped the likes of Disney from stock deals.(Mr. Munster asserts that a deal is affordable because the cost of a Target acquisition is just 8 percent of Amazon’s market cap. Obviously, I think it’s a bit more complicated than that.)The big caveat (other than price)Obviously, it’s antitrust. Mr. Munster notes that a combined Amazon-Target would only have about a 13 percent share of the overall American retail market, compared to Walmart’s 23 percent.But it’s hard to determine at the moment what the Trump administration’s yardstick for market concentration is:• AT&T and Time Warner say that their proposed deal is a vertical deal that falls within the bounds of acceptable deals. The Justice Department has sued to block that.• Disney and Fox have announced a deal that would inevitably lead to lots of layoffs. President Trump has praised that transaction as potentially “great for jobs.”“As for antitrust, the Trump administration won’t do any favors for Jeff Bezos, but the market share numbers suggest the deal will be approved,” Mr. Munster writes. That’s a potentially big assumption.— Michael J. de la MercedKevin McLaughlin of The Information reports that the two companies “are actively working to replace Oracle software running on critical business systems with open-source database software alternatives, and have made significant progress toward getting off Oracle entirely,” citing people familiar with the matter.Oracle’s shares are down nearly 2 percent. They had been trading about 1 percent higher before the report.— Stephen GrocerThe Dow Jones industrial average jumped 25 percent in 2017. Does that mean investors should turn bearish on stocks this year? The answer is no if history is any indicator, LPL Financial’s Ryan Detrick points out.Also, is the first day of trading predictive of the stock market’s performance for the full year?— Stephen GrocerIf you couldn’t recall last year’s highlights over the recent holidays, Andrew can remind you with his annual year-end column (the humor of which is his and his alone). A sample:But it’s a new year, and here are some important story lines we’ll be keeping our eyes on:• Now that the tax fight is over, the White House is turning to trade. Will Gary Cohn and Steven Mnuchin be able to tame President Trump’s hard-line tendencies?• Can Congress make progress on the many, many other issues it’s facing?• SoftBank did its Uber deal. Will the ride-hailing giant make further strides toward going public this year? (Maybe not.) And what will Masa Son of SoftBank and his $100 billion Vision Fund get up to?• What other industries will Amazon disrupt this year? And how much bigger can Mr. Bezos’s behemoth get?• North Korea is trying to drive a wedge between South Korea and the U.S. And it seems to be working. How will Mr. Trump — and the global economy — respond?• Stevie Cohen is finding takers for his new hedge fund. But how much presence will he retain in the industry?• In the world of M. & A. fights, who will AT&T or the Justice Department prevail? Broadcom or Qualcomm? And will Disney and Fox get their deal done?And the Trump administration’s deregulatory push looks to be a reason for that — even if skeptics question whether rolling back government rules stimulates corporate growth.Corporate leaders always cite “uncertainty” as a reason to hold back on capital expenditures or transformative acquisitions. And fewer than half of the respondents in the National Association of Manufacturers’ most recent survey said they faced an “unfavorable business climate.”Yet some see a bigger phenomenon at work. This is what Mark Zandi of Moody’s Analytics told the NYT:The tax flyaround• Corporate America’s great loophole scavenger hunt has begun. (NYT)• China has responded to the tax law by temporarily exempting foreign companies from taxes on their earnings in the country — but there’s a catch. (NYT)• Democrats in high-tax states are seeking ways to blunt some of the impact of the tax overhaul. (NYT)• The gig economy could get a boost. (NYT)• Betting on the dollar continuing to strengthen in 2018, thanks to the tax law. (WSJ)The Murdoch family tensions behind the Disney deal.It may have been a brief sales negotiation with Verizon that prompted Rupert Murdoch to consider selling pieces of 21st Century Fox. But the NYT reports that friction between the media mogul and his son James helped push the family toward the Disney transaction.From the article by Brooks Barnes and Sydney Ember:• James Murdoch has privately grumbled about the control that his father still exerted at Fox and has chafed at some of the elements of Fox News’s coverage.• Rupert Murdoch was wary of how Hollywood was being reshaped by digital giants like Netflix, Apple and Amazon, and unsure his empire could compete.• Lachlan Murdoch, who is more conservative than his brother, has become the heir apparent at what would remain of Fox, but was initially uneasy about a sell-off.What they gain: Beyond easing family tensions among the trio, the deal could make the Murdochs some of Disney’s biggest shareholders.Yes, Ron Baron has lowered fees on some of his smaller funds. But he’s unapologetic about charging roughly 54 percent more than the industry average.Here’s what he told Landon Thomas Jr. of the NYT:How he (and other mutual funds) do it: Chalk it up to a combination of looser oversight, the $10 trillion of investor money still dedicated to actively managed funds and a lack of investor awareness that high fees don’t necessarily pay for performance.Can this go on? One fund investor’s take in the NYT:Bruce Steinberg, an executive at the hedge fund, and his family were among the 12 killed when a single-engine plane crashed in Costa Rica on Sunday.Ray Dalio of Bridgewater posted this to Facebook yesterday:Also of note: Richard Cousins, the C.E.O. of Compass Group, the world’s biggest catering company, was one of six killed in a plane crash in Sydney on Sunday.What’s notable is that Time’s Up — formed by more than 300 women and including a legal-defense fund — isn’t focused only on the entertainment industry. It plans to offer help to janitors, nurses, hotel staff and other blue-collar workers.Here’s what Shonda Rhimes, a backer of the initiative, told Cara Buckley of the NYT:Who else is involved: The actresses America Ferrera, Eva Longoria and Reese Witherspoon; Donna Langley, the chairwoman of Universal Pictures; and roughly 295 other women in Hollywood.What’s different: The Time’s Up Legal Defense Fund, which is backed by $13 million in donations and is overseen by Tina Tchen, a former chief of staff to Michelle Obama. It will help provide less-privileged women with lawyers to bring misconduct cases to court and protect them from blowback.The misconduct flyaround• Take a peek behind the curtain at the monthly drug- and sex-fueled monthly parties attended by some of Silicon Valley’s most powerful men, in an excerpt from “Brotopia,” the forthcoming book by the Bloomberg anchor Emily Chang. (Vanity Fair)• The former Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson, who was a Miss America, will take over as chairwoman of the pageant as it works through its harassment scandal. (NYT)• Business schools in the United States are hastily reshaping their curriculums with case studies on sexual harassment. (NYT)• Political partisans are starting to exploit the #MeToo movement. (NYT)• The former C.E.O. of SoFi, Mike Cagney, has approached potential investors about backing a fintech start-up. (Recode)• The longtime leader of the New York City Ballet, Peter Martins, has retired after accusations of sexual harassment and verbal and physical abuse. He denies wrongdoing. (NYT)Last week, the NYT reported on how the Metropolitan Transportation Authority ends up with some of the highest construction costs in the world. Some facts:• The Second Avenue subway cost $2.5 billion. Expanding Grand Central Terminal is now expected to cost $12 billion.• Construction companies inflate their projected costs by up to 50 percent for M.T.A. work. Labor unions have arranged for up to four times the necessary staffing on some projects.• Consultants have persuaded officials to spend heavily on design and management.Here’s what Mr. Blankfein, Andrew’s choice as 2017’s best corporate tweeter, had to say:(Mr. Blankfein has good reasons for pique over the tax law: Goldman Sachs is taking  a $5 billion charge in its fourth-quarter earnings tied to the changes.)• Caterpillar faces a potential tax bill of $2 billion from the I.R.S., which says it has underpaid on profits from parts sales through its Swiss unit. (WSJ)• The new Salesforce Tower in San Francisco is the tallest office building west of the Mississippi, and a symbol of tech’s triumph in the city. (NYT)• Morgan Stanley is entering the robo-advice market, with an automated service that includes a choice of exchange-traded funds, mutual funds and seven themed portfolios. (FT)• Europe’s new “MiFID II” investment rules — on how research is paid for, how trades are documented and executed, and how brokers share information — come into force tomorrow. (Bloomberg)• Playboy Enterprises is considering shutting the print magazine to concentrate on licensing deals and brand partnerships. (WSJ)• Retail cannabis shops in California opened their doors on Monday, inaugurating what proponents say will become the world’s largest legal market for recreational marijuana. (NYT)• One of America’s biggest rehab companies built an empire. But after a patient died, its enemies — investors and rivals alike — struck hard. (NYT)• Andrew picked his favorite business (and business-adjacent) books of 2017, including “The Spider Network” by David Enrich, “Reset” by Ellen Pao” and “Principles” by Ray Dalio. (NYT)We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Twenty cities made it to the next round in Amazon’s search for its second headquarters.• Morgan Stanley reported $686 million in fourth-quarter profit, while fixed-income trading revenue fell 46 percent.• What to think of Apple’s big cash repatriation.• How Goldman Sachs stumbled.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.In fact, 20 cities — out of 238 applicants — have made it into the next round to host Amazon’s second headquarters.From Amazon’s news release:Notably not on the list: Detroit, which has become a poster child for reviving American industrial cities and which promised a lot to win over Amazon.More from Nick Wingfield of the NYT:Other observations• Three locations — Washington, Montgomery County, Md. and Northern Virginia — are all part of the Washington DC corridor, where Jeff Bezos has been spending more time lately.• The smallest city is Newark, N.J., whose estimated 2016 population in 2016 was 281,764.• This:• Also, this:— Michael J. de la MercedAs it repatriates most of its $252 billion cash hoard from foreign subsidiaries, Apple has become a triumphant example for Republicans of what the new tax law can do.President Trump’s reaction:Perhaps more important than the one-time $38 billion that Apple will pay in tax is what said it would do with the rest of the money: 20,000 jobs and a new domestic campus, among other initiatives.Tim Cook said in a statement:The big question: How much of an economic effect will this have? The company says more than $350 billion over the next five years, but how much of that goes beyond what it would have spent anyway is unclear. (For starters, its new campus won’t be as ambitious as Amazon’s planned HQ2.)The tax flyaround• Verizon will save nearly $17 billion because of the new tax code’s effect on its deferred tax liabilities. (WSJ)• What corporate America says will come of the tax overhaul: more annual savings, bigger pension contributions and larger stock buybacks. (WSJ)Mick Mulvaney, the acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, is continuing his efforts to rein in the agency.His latest tactic: starve it of cash, reports the NYT’s Stacey Cowley.Here’s what he did:• The consumer bureau is funded directly by the Federal Reserve. Each quarter the watchdog requests money for its operations from the central bank.• On Wednesday, Mr. Mulvaney requested $0 for the current quarter.• Mr. Mulvaney said the bureau is sitting on a $177.1 million reserve fund. He plans to use that to cover the bureau’s projected quarterly expenses of $145 million.While the move is largely symbolic, it follows other recent moves by Mr. Mulvaney that spotlight the Trump administration’s desire to shift the consumer bureau’s trajectory.Ignore all the one-time charges related to the new tax law that banks announced this week, the industry, long-term, should be among the biggest winners.But how much of the windfall will end in the pockets of employees and customers?Since the tax overhaul became law last month, banks have rushed to shower employees with bonuses and raises.Yet despite this largess, “the industry stands to retain more than 75 percents of the savings” from the tax law, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. In fact, the total cost of the wage increases and bonuses “will amount to just 1.75 percent of the banking industry’s noninterest expenses in 2018.”Morgan Stanley reported a profit of $686 million, including a one-time charge on $990 million related to the new tax law.The Numbers• 84 cents. Morgan Stanley’s earnings per share excluding the tax charge. Wall Street expected the firm to report earnings of 77 cents a share.• $9.5 billion. The bank’s fourth-quarter revenue, up 5.3 percent from a year ago.• $37.9 billion. Morgan Stanley’s full-year revenue, up 10 percent from 2016. By comparison, the firm’s five rivals reported revenue rose 2 percent and 5 percent, the WSJ pointed out.• $808 million. The firm’s revenue from fixed-income trading, down 45 percent from a year ago. It marked the first time in two years revenue in the division failed to reach $1 billion. Still, the decline was not as severe as Goldman’s. Morgan Stanley’s longtime rival reported a 50 percent drop in fixed-income trading revenue.• $1.92 billion. Morgan Stanley’s fourth-quarter equity trading revenue, off 2 percent from a year ago.• $522 million. The bank’s fourth-quarter advisory revenue, down 6 percent “on lower levels of completed M&A activity.” Goldman reported 9 percent decline in advisory revenue.Shares of Morgan Stanley gained 1.5 percent in early trading and are up 29 percent over the past year.Yes, stock’s are down a bit Thursday, but that doesn’t obscure the fact that major equity indexes are off to their best start in years.Wednesday, shares of the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 26,000, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished above 2,800, and the Nasdaq Composite surpassed its inflation-adjusted peak from the dot-com boom.Investors have piled into stocks to start 2018. It took the Dow industrials just eight trading sessions to go from 25,000 to 26,000, the fastest move between millennial markers on record.So far this month, the S. & P. 500 has risen about 4.8 percent this month. To put that into context, the last time the index climbed 5 percent in January was 2013 and the last 6 percent gain for the month was in 1997. In both years, equities went on the finish the year up more than 30 percent, according to Instinet’s Frank Cappelleri.So what could derail the stock market’s rally? A government shutdown? Escalating tensions with North Korea? Right now neither is weighing on stocks very much.In fact, MoneyBeat’s Ben Eisen points out that downward pressure, by one measure, is at its lowest level in 50 years.Most of its businesses did well in the fourth quarter. Then there was fixed-income trading.Though Goldman’s $1.9 billion loss for the fourth quarter was because of a $4.4 billion charge related to the new tax law, the big number was 50 percent. That was how much its so-called FICC (fixed-income, currency and commodities) trading revenue had fallen.Put another way: Goldman’s FICC revenue for the quarter was $1 billion — the amount the division brought in nearly every two weeks at its peak.Critics’ corner• Lex suggests that Goldman now “wants to execute more perfunctory corporate transactions of a kind traditionally handled by Bank of America and its ilk.” (FT)• Aaron Back writes of a dip in Goldman’s share price, “Any near-term weakness could prove to be a buying opportunity.” (Heard on the Street)On David Solomon’s wine collectionYou may already know Goldman’s co-president as a top-flight investment banker with a taste for fine food. (And almost definitely as DJ D-Sol.) But he’s also allegedly the victim of wine theft by his former assistant, Nicolas De-Meyer, who was arrested this week.Worth noting:• Among the stolen wines were seven bottles of Domaine de la Romanée-Conti, a Burgundy known as “liquid velvet,” that had cost him $133,650.• Overall, the value of the stolen bottles was over $1.2 million.• The wine storage area in Mr. Solomon’s Manhattan home can hold 1,000 bottles.What’s next: House Republicans plan to introduce a short-term funding bill today or tomorrow to keep the government operating for a month. But it’s unclear whether Democrats would back it without a deal on immigration, or if House Republicans have the votes to pass it on their own.How close lawmakers are to an immigration compromise: Not very.Here’s Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, quoted in the WSJ about the current state of affairs:More on immigration: John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, told Democratic lawmakers that some of Mr. Trump’s immigration policies — including the border wall — were “uninformed,” according to the WaPo. Mr. Kelly also reiterated that the president supported permanent legal protection for the young immigrants known as Dreamers.The Washington flyaround• Steve Bannon will be interviewed by Robert Mueller’s investigators instead of testifying before a grand jury, according to an unidentified person, signaling that he’s cooperating. (NYT)• A White House lawyer had asked Mr. Bannon to assert executive privilege before the House Intelligence Committee. Mr. Bannon slipped up. (Bloomberg, Axios)• Two news stories this week offered more details about a purported relationship between Mr. Trump and a porn star professionally known as Stormy Daniels. (NYT)The Dow Jones industrial average is on a sprint again, closing yesterday above 26,000 for the first time. Naturally, some people are starting to worry.From Corrie Driebusch, Michael Wursthorn and Chris Dieterich of the WSJ:Pimco is in the same boat:This post on what may be next for Alwaleed bin Talal by Jeffrey Towson, a professor at Peking University and a former employee of the prince’s Kingdom Holding, has started to circulate around the financial world. (A reminder: Mr. bin Talal has been caught up in Mohammed bin Salman’s anti-corruption purge.)Among Mr. Towson’s forecasts:• Mr. bin Talal would be prepared to stay imprisoned for a long time.• He would not sign any plea deal that implies serious wrongdoing, like corruption.Harder to predict: What will happen to Kingdom Holding, which owns stakes in Citigroup, Lyft and Twitter.• Mike Moritz of Sequoia Capital told Silicon Valley start-ups to be more like Chinese companies, where longer work hours and a disregard for physical fitness is the norm and where discussions about “life’s inequities” are seen as distractions. (FT)• Facebook said it would reopen and broaden an investigation into whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 Brexit vote. (NYT)• Microsoft said that A.I. would require new laws and regulations. (Bloomberg)• Google has created an A.I. system for creating A.I. applications. (NYT)• Apple should try to reduce customers’ iPhone addiction, Farhad Manjoo argues in his latest column. (NYT)• See which pieces of art the WSJ’s portraits of Warren Buffett, Sheryl Sandberg and more look like, according to Google’s hit Arts & Culture smartphone app. (Pieter Anthony Wakkerdak’s “Portret van Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer” and BToy’s “LizTaylor,” for the record.) (WSJ)Earlier this week, the virtual currency dropped below $10,000. Now, it’s above $11,000.It’s been a wild/scary ride in particular for newcomers who were late to the Bitcoin game. This is from a Reddit user who persuaded family members to buy cryptocurrency late last year:The context: Bitcoin’s run has dwarfed the Nasdaq run of the dot-com boom and, potentially, Dutch tulip-mania, according to Bloomberg.More in virtual currency news: Ledger, a specialist in blockchain security technology, has raised $75 million in a fund-raising round led by Draper Esprit.William Bain Jr., the management consulting mogul who helped turn Mitt Romney into a private equity power, died on Tuesday. He was 80.The native Tennessean went from Vanderbilt’s alumni office to Boston Consulting Group to founding Bain & Company. Several years later, he capitalized on his firm’s relationships and expertise to found Bain Capital, where he installed Mr. Romney as C.E.O.Here’s Mr. Romney on Mr. Bain, via the Boston Globe:We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.