SAN FRANCISCO — Recently the founder of something called Ripple briefly became richer than Mark Zuckerberg. Another day an anonymous donor set up an $86 million Bitcoin-fortune charity called the Pineapple Fund. A Tesla was spotted with a BLOCKHN license plate. There’s a surge in people looking to buy Bitcoin on their credit cards. After the Long Island Iced Tea company announced it would pivot to blockchain, its stock rose 500 percent in a day.In 2017, the cryptocurrency Bitcoin went from $830 to $19,300, and now quivers around $14,000. Ether, its main rival, started the year at less than $10, closing out 2017 at $715. Now it’s over $1,100. The wealth is intoxicating news, feverish because it seems so random. Investors trying to grok the landscape compare it to the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s, when valuations soared and it was hard to separate the Amazons and Googles from the Pets.coms and eToys.The cryptocurrency community is centered around a tightknit group of friends — developers, libertarians, Redditors and cypherpunks — who have known each other for years through meet-ups, an endless circuit of crypto conferences and internet message boards. Over long hours in anonymous group chats, San Francisco bars and Settlers of Catan game nights, they talk about how cryptocurrency will decentralize power and wealth, changing the world order.The goal may be decentralization, but the money is extremely concentrated. Coinbase has more than 13 million accounts that own cryptocurrencies. Data suggests that about 94 percent of the Bitcoin wealth is held by men, and some estimate that 95 percent of the wealth is held by 4 percent of the owners.There are only a few winners here, and, unless they lose it all, their impact going forward will be outsize.They also remember who laughed at them and when.James Spediacci and his twin brother, Julian, who bought ether when it was about 30 cents, now run one of the most popular whale clubs: private cryptocurrency trading communities where crypto syndicates are coordinated in group chats. He showed me a screen shot of his Facebook post from 2014 telling everyone to buy ether.“One like,” he said, pointing to his phone. “It got one like.”Whether it’s all built on sand or not, the crypto castle has risen. There’s an actual house called the Crypto Castle, and the king is Jeremy Gardner, 25, a rakish young investor with a hedge fund who has become the de facto tour guide for crypto newcomers.Early one afternoon, he opened a bottle of rosé while he charged half a dozen external batteries so he wouldn’t have to ever plug in his phone in Ibiza, Spain, the next week.“I do I.C.O.s. It’s my thing,” he said. He wore a pink button-front and pink pants. “It’s me, a couple V.C.s and a lot of charlatans.”An initial coin offering is a way to raise money: A company creates its own cryptocurrency and investors buy into the new coin, without actually buying a stake in the company. Mr. Gardner led an I.C.O. for his start-up Augur, creating an “Augur token” that he then sold to raise real world money. These tokens sold fast, and it is one of the forces that kicked off this boom. For a time, the value of Augur, a market-forecasting start-up with few customers, exceeded $1 billion.About eight people live in the Crypto Castle on any given night, and some of Mr. Gardner’s tenants brought out snacks (Cheez-Its and a jar of Nutella). One of the bedrooms has a stripper pole. Mr. Gardner leaned back into the sofa and rested his feet on the table. He recently did an I.C.O. for a start-up after-party. “You can I.C.O. anything,” he said. He runs Distributed, a 180-page magazine about cryptocurrency that comes out about once a year. He is now raising $75 million for his hedge fund, Ausum Ventures (pronounced “awesome”). He said his closest friends are moving to Puerto Rico to get around paying taxes.“They’re going to build a modern-day Atlantis out there,” he said. “But for me, it’s too early in my career to check out.”He wears a bracelet from his Burning Man camp (Mayan Warrior) and a necklace that is a key on a chain. “I was given this necklace and was told my net worth would go up, and it’s gone up six x since then,” he said.He drew a chart to explain the crypto community: 20 percent for ideology, 60 percent for the tech and 100 percent for the money, he said, drawing a circle around it all.A roommate on the sofa perked up and asked if he’d ever invest in his lucid dreams start-up (the idea is a headpiece that induces them). Mr. Gardner did not seem impressed: “Probably not,” he said. A reality show wants to follow him around, but he’s skeptical that it can add to his life.“I literally have a date with Bella Hadid not having a reality show,” he said.A few weeks after we first met, as the Bitcoin price exploded in December, Mr. Gardner seemed shaken. People had begun making pilgrimages to the Crypto Castle, knocking on the door, hoping Mr. Gardner could help them invest.“Nothing feels real, it doesn’t feel real,” he said. “I’m ready for crypto assets to go down 90 percent. I’ll feel better then, I think. This has been too insane.”Nearby is a building residents call the Crypto Crackhouse.Grant Hummer, who runs the San Francisco Ethereum Meetup, lives there. Long hallways called Bitcoin Boulevard and Ethereum Alley lead to communal bathrooms. Mr. Hummer and his co-founder committed $40 million of their own crypto-made money to their new $100 million hedge fund, Chromatic Capital.“My neurons are fried from all the volatility,” Mr. Hummer said. “I don’t even care at this point. I’m numb to it. I’ll lose a million dollars in a day and I’m like, O.K.”His room is simple: a bed, a futon, a TV on a mostly empty media console, three keyboard cleaning sprays and a half dozen canisters of Lysol wipes. His T-shirt read, ‘The Lizard of Wall Street,’ with a picture of a lizard in a suit, dollar-sign necklaces around its neck. He carries with him a coin that reads, “memento mori,” to remind himself he can die any day. He sees the boom as part of a global apocalypse.“The worse regular civilization does and the less you trust, the better crypto does,” Mr. Hummer said. "It’s almost like the ultimate short trade.”Mr. Hummer went out to meet Joe Buttram, 27, for drinks. As a mixed martial arts fighter, Mr. Buttram said he would fight for a couple hundred bucks, sometimes a few thousand, and worked security at a start-up, but his main hobbies were reading 4chan and buying vintage pornography, passions that exposed him to cryptocurrency.He said his holdings are into double-digit millions but wouldn’t give specifics other than to say he’d quit his job and is starting a hedge fund. There’s a common paranoia among the crypto-wealthy that they’ll be targeted and robbed since there’s no bank securing the money, so many are obsessively secretive. Many say even their parents don’t know how much they’ve made. This also allows people to pretend to be wealthier than they are, of course.“It’s unforgiving,” Mr. Buttram said. “You make one mistake and it’s all gone.”They talk about buying Lamborghinis, the single acceptable way to spend money in the Ethereum cryptocurrency community. The currency’s founder frequently appears in fan art as Jesus with a Lamborghini. Mr. Buttram says he’s renting an orange Lambo for the weekend. And he wears a solid gold Bitcoin “B” necklace encrusted with diamonds that he had made. Otherwise, HODL.This is one of the core beliefs in this community: HODL, “hold” typed very fast, as if in a panic. HODL even if you feel FUD — fear, uncertainty and doubt. If you show wealth, it means you don’t really believe in the cryptocurrency revolution, a full remake of the financial system, governments and our world order that will send the price of ether up astronomically.“HODL when everyone has FUD,” Mr. Hummer said quietly, to explain why he still lives in a dorm room. “This will change civilization. This can 100 x or more from here.”He knows this is strange.“When I meet people in the normal world now, I get bored,” Mr. Hummer said. “It’s just a different level of consciousness.”The tone turns somber.“Sometimes I think about what would happen to the future if a bomb went off at one of our meetings,” Mr. Buttram said.Mr. Hummer said, “A bomb would set back civilization for years.”A few days later, Mr. Hummer was working from his co-founder’s apartment.James Fickel, 26, lives in a high-rise with a Russian blue cat called Mr. Bigglesworth. Mr. Fickel is known in the community for “going full YOLO” and investing $400,000 when Ethereum was at 80 cents. Now, with a fortune he says is in the hundreds of millions, his parents have retired and sent his younger sister to live with him.“I’m taking over her education,” Mr. Fickel said, sitting on a white leather sofa, Mr. Bigglesworth asleep in his impossibly skinny arms.Today, Mr. Fickel is outlining the endgame for cryptocurrency true believers.“It’s the entire world reorganizing itself,” Mr. Fickel said. “We could get rid of our armies because for the first time you’ll have people saying, ‘I want to vote for a global order.’ It’s the internet waking up — it’s the internet grabbing its pitchfork. That’s the blockchain.”Mr. Hummer is skeptical.“All I know is the price of ether is going to go up,” Mr. Hummer said.At a jazz bar a few days later, I run into Mr. Fickel’s personal trainer, Alan Chen, who is now running in this crypto circle. Mr. Fickel had convinced Mr. Chen to put his savings into Ethereum.“I’m retired, man,” Mr. Chen said. “I’m moving to L.A. next week. I got a penthouse on Marina del Rey.”“Don’t say I’m retired,” he added. “I’m going into business now. I’m going to use blockchain to help personal trainers.”Nearby was Chante Eliaszadeh, 22, a law student at the University of California, Berkeley, who started the Berkeley Law Blockchain group.“Obviously the bubble’s going to burst and everyone’s going to need a lawyer,” she said.At the annual San Francisco Bitcoin Meetup Party, hundreds gathered under the fluorescent lights of a co-working space, and there was a line out the door. The waiting list had to be told not to show up. Many there wore Bitcoin- and Ethereum-themed clothes from Hodlmoon, which sells unisex cryptocurrency sweaters.Those closest to the technology are the most cautious. Pieter Wuille, 33, a Bitcoin core developer, kept his backpack on as he wandered the party. He’s part of the team working to develop the Bitcoin technology.“The technology still needs time to evolve,” Mr. Wuille said. "This infusion of interest is bringing the wrong kind of attention. Some people believe Bitcoin can’t fail or this technology solves many more problems than it does. It can. And it does not.”He said everyone is asking him whether to buy Bitcoin. “I tell them I have no idea,” he said. “I don’t know!”“There’s so many people rushing into the space, if it’s a bit of speculation, I’m O.K. with that,” said the Coinbase C.E.O., Brian Armstrong, whose company has become the de facto portal for casual investors. “But we can’t guarantee the website’s going to be up exactly when you need it. Everyone needs to take a deep breath.”As the holiday party filled up, a cryptocurrency rapper called CoinDaddy — Arya Bahmanyar, 28 — was getting ready to perform.Formerly a commercial real estate agent, Mr. Bahmanyar works full time at CoinDaddy after becoming a self-described crypto-millionaire (“you think I would dress up like this if I wasn’t?”). “Right now all our entertainers come from outside crypto culture — not inside crypto, and we’ve got to change that,” he said.He pointed to his outfit — a long white fake mink coat, gold-heeled shoes — and said, “It’s gold, right? It’s gold. It’s a niche, and I’m going to fill it.”He says he is going to shoot a music video soon for a song called “Lambo Party” and another called “Cryptomom,” about “all these moms are pumping in their children’s savings accounts.”Maria Lomeli, 56, came to the party to find the people she had put a lot of trust in. A housekeeper from Pacifica, Calif., she said she had invested $12,000 in cryptocurrencies over the last few weeks after reading about it in the news.She wore running shoes and a zip-up jacket that said, “Cinemark, the best seats in town.” She worked there cleaning out theaters. Now she cleans houses. Banks, she said, were designed to steal. Taxes left her supporting a government that she felt didn’t support her.“Charges for sending money to my daughter, interest on our loans,” she said. "And then the money we pay in taxes goes to wars and whatever else they want.”She found a Bitcoin event in the city and asked people there how to buy Bitcoin on her phone. She invested $1,000. It went up. So she put in $10,000 more, she said, along with $1,000 in a currency called Litecoin. Both her children have discouraged this.“And maybe I’m going to lose it,” she said. “Maybe I’m going to keep cleaning houses. But something is telling me I can trust this generation. My instinct is telling me this is the future.”She had to leave the party early because parking downtown is expensive, she said. She zipped up her jacket and left on her own.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Kodak plans to create its own virtual currency.• President Trump plans to attend the World Economic Forum.• Just how rich is Jeff Bezos?• The shine is coming off the tech industry more and more. • Talk of an Oprah presidential run has boosted at least one company. Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Shares of Kodak surged 34 percent after the company said it said it was launching a “major blockchain initiative.”The company and WENN Digital announced the creation of KODAKOne, an image rights management platform, and KODAKCoin, a virtual token “to allow photographers and agencies to take greater control in image rights management.”“For many in the tech industry, ‘blockchain’ and ‘cryptocurrency’ are hot buzzwords, but for photographers who’ve long struggled to assert control over their work and how it’s used, these buzzwords are the keys to solving what felt like an unsolvable problem,” said Jeff Clarke, Kodak’s chief executive.Erik Holm of MoneyBeat writes:Kodak plans to hold an initial coin offering for KODAKCoin on Jan. 31. Coin offerings, which allow companies to raise money by creating their own private digital currency through a form of online crowdfunding, have surged in popularity during the past 12 months.Kodak’s shares are just the latest to get a digital currency boost. The stocks of a number of companies have surged in recent months after those firms rebranded themselves as having something to do digital currencies or blockchain.Critic’s corner: Kodak is “betting its future on digital currencies with an initial coin offering designed to help photographers sell their work. The crypto buzz more than doubled its stock, but it’s unlikely to do anything like the same to the company’s sales or profit,” writes Tom Buerkle of Breakingviews.— Stephen GrocerThe chief executive of Renault-Nissan has escalated the auto industry’s technology-driven arms race.The Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance said Tuesday it is setting up a venture capital fund to invest $1 billion in automotive technologies over the next five years. Mr. Ghosn pushed for the fund “to speed development of technologies that the three automakers don’t have in-house,” the WSJ reported.More about the fund:• It’s named Alliance Ventures.• Francois Dossa is leading the fund and will have teams in Silicon Valley, Paris, Japan and China looking for startups in which to invest.• The fund has already invested in Ionic Materials, a Woburn, Mass., startup working to develop solid-state batteries.Automakers have poured money into automobile technology startups in recent years. General Motors bought Cruise Automation in a deal potentially valued at more than $1 billion. Last summer Toyota set up a $100 million investing arm called Toyota AI Ventures.From Reuters:From The New York Times:Here’s what White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told Maggie Haberman and Michael Shear of the NYT:He’ll be the first U.S. president to do so since Bill Clinton in 2000. The BBC previously noted that Ronald Reagan spoke to the crowd at the World Economic Forum via videoconference, but that neither of the Bushes nor Barack Obama attended. (Joe Biden did, however.)Why? As the NYT adds, presidents have been concerned that being seen rubbing shoulders with some of the world’s wealthiest might send the wrong political message. (Other heads of state, like Xi Jinping of China, have attended.)One additional note: Having attended the forum a few times, I’d say that one thing that a visit from Mr. Trump would definitely do is make the traffic in Davos during the event — which often moves at a glacial pace as V.I.P.’s vehicular escorts crawl through the windy streets — probably more difficult.— Michael J. de la MercedShot: “Jeff Bezos is now the richest person of all time,” CNN reported. (The Bloomberg article that the news item cited makes no such claim.)Chaser: — Michael J. de la MercedLet’s count the ways:• Apple is being pressed to protect young users from smartphone addiction by an unusual coalition: the hedge fund Jana Partners and the California public pension fund Calstrs.• Alphabet, Facebook and Twitter are under scrutiny over Russia’s use of social media to manipulate elections.• Amazon is facing scrutiny for its effect on jobs.• Europe is examining many U.S. tech companies on competition and privacy grounds.As Barry Rosenstein, the managing partner of Jana, told David Gelles of the NYT:The growing fear about tech addiction: Two former Facebook executives, Sean Parker and Chamath Palihapitiya, spoke last year about how the company hooks into users’ psyches. And Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, held a briefing on the issue. (Axios has more.)One place you don’t yet see a problem: These companies’ stocks. Apple’s shares dipped only slightly yesterday, and its market capitalization is still just shy of $900 billion. Shares in Facebook, Alphabet and Twitter gained slightly.Critics’ corner• Shira Ovide writes, “When financial mercenaries start caring about the potential human harm of technology, Silicon Valley should be extremely nervous.” (Gadfly)• Jennifer Saba writes of Jana’s campaign, “It’s an unusual issue for an activist, and apps from Facebook and Snap would make better targets.” (Breakingviews)Shares in the weight-loss company, of which Ms. Winfrey owns 10 percent, jumped as much as 13 percent yesterday amid speculation that she may run for president.Not everyone was as euphoric about the possibility. Here’s what Rebecca Katz, a Democratic strategist, told the NYT:It comes down to how they respond to the provision that taxes the income of overseas subsidiaries at half the domestic rate — even as Mr. Trump has promised to bring jobs back to struggling cities.Companies have a new reason to move plants abroad, Natalie Kitroeff of the NYT reports:The caveat: Some companies may want to stay, for America’s legal system and skilled workers. But big manufacturers like auto companies may be tempted to move anyway.More in taxes• Mr. Trump celebrated the passing of the tax overhaul in Nashville, where he overstated the size of the cuts. (NYT)• Residents of high-tax states rushed to prepay their bills before deductions are capped, giving those areas a welcome, if brief, revenue boost. (Bloomberg)• Robert Mueller is likely to seek an interview with President Trump as part of his investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. (NYT)• Meet the former WSJ reporter who founded Fusion GPS, the research firm whose work is central to the Russia investigations. (NYT)• Good economic conditions tend to lift presidents’ approval ratings. Not this one’s. (NYT)• Mr. Trump told farmers in Nashville that he wants to improve Nafta, but didn’t repeat his threats to withdraw. (WSJ)• The hedge fund billionaire Tom Steyer said he wouldn’t run for political office this year, but would give Democrats $30 million to fight fore House seats. (WaPo)• The NYT reviewer found “Fire and Fury,” Michael Wolff’s book on the Trump White House, “fitting, if ultimately unsatisfying.” (NYT)• Some Senate Republicans are quietly urging J.D. Vance, the investor and author of the book “Hillbilly Elegy,” to run against Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio. (Politico)Federal regulators blocked an Energy Department proposal to subsidize struggling coal and nuclear power plants. That raises questions about what else the Trump administration can do to prop up an industry that — even as pollution regulations loosen — is being battered by market forces.More from Brad Plumer of the NYT:The policy flyaround• A Senate resolution to block the F.C.C.’s repeal of net neutrality rules has enough support to force a vote — but the House is unlikely to follow suit. (Axios)• The Labor Department revived guidance on overtime regulations from the George W. Bush era. (WaPo)The plaintiff: James Damore, the engineer who gained fame when he was fired for criticizing Google’s diversity efforts and asserting that fewer women held engineering jobs because of biological differences.His lawsuit: It claims that he and others were “ostracized, belittled and punished for their heterodox political views, and for the added sin of their birth circumstances of being Caucasians and/or males.” It also includes screenshots from internal company forums.The context: Google is already responding to a lawsuit from four women asserting that it has systematically paid women less than men for the same work.• AT&T has backed out of a long-awaited deal to sell Huawei phones in the U.S., according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• Intel’s C.E.O., Brian Krzanich, said there had been “no known exploits” compromising consumers’ information using two recently revealed chip security flaws. (Axios)• Google, Amazon and Samsung are adding their virtual assistants to ever more devices, including — seriously — refrigerators.• Advocates for women in technology say that CES must address its diversity problem. (Recode)Questions about CES? Ask Brian Chen, the NYT’s personal tech columnist.Speaking of gadgetsGoPro disappointed Wall Street yesterday morning when it cut its sales expectations for its fourth quarter, saying it would lay off more than 250 employees and stop making drones. Its founder and C.E.O., Nick Woodman, cut his cash salary to $1.The company’s shares climbed back amid news reports that it had hired JPMorgan Chase to run a sales process. But Mr. Woodman eventually told Bloomberg that while JPMorgan is the company’s main bank, GoPro wasn’t actively looking to sell itself.GoPro’s problem: It’s too dependent on its action cameras, according to Dan Gallagher of Heard on the Street.Some investors have apparently decided that protecting themselves against a decline in the markets is a waste of money, Gunjan Banerji of the WSJ reports:At the same time, analysts have raised their forecasts for corporate profits as fast as they have in a decade. History suggests that might presage a slump.“That’s made it the best penny stock and the worst currency in the world.”— Matt O’Brien of the WaPo, writing about why Bitcoin is doing well as a speculative investment and terribly as a way to buy and sell things. (For what it’s worth, Jamie Dimon now regrets calling Bitcoin a “fraud,” though he’s still not interested in it.)Or maybe it’s this, from the S.E.C.’s Fort Worth division:• Jack Ma said he would seriously consider listing Alibaba in Hong Kong, which is preparing to allow dual-class share listings. (Reuters)• A website called coinmarketcap.com removed data from some South Korean exchanges from its price quotes on Monday, prompting drops in some popular cryptocurrencies. (WSJ)• Saudi Aramco has invited banks pitching for roles in its listing, including Citi and Goldman Sachs, to go to the kingdom to make their case, according to three people familiar with the matter. (Reuters)• The private equity group Rhône Capital has placed a binding offer to acquire Nestlé’s U.S. confectionary business, joining Ferrero and Hershey in the $2.5 billion race. (FT)• Amazon’s rising share price brought Jeff Bezos’s net worth to $105.1 billion on Monday, beyond the high Bill Gates reached in 1999. (Bloomberg)• The telecoms group Altice will spin off its U.S. business and restructure its European operations to address investor concerns about the group’s viability and debt-laden deals. (FT)• The quantitative hedge fund industry is on the brink of surpassing $1 trillion in assets under management after an increase in automated investment. (FT)• Investors are souring on meal-kit start-ups. They cite logistical hurdles, high costs for attracting and retaining customers and big-company competition. (WSJ)• Aston Martin is targeting a valuation of as much as $6.8 billion in a potential initial public offering, according to people familiar with the matter. (Bloomberg)• An expensive, highly classified U.S. spy satellite is presumed lost after it failed to reach orbit on a SpaceX rocket on Sunday, according to industry and government officials. (WSJ)• Banks are aggressively handing out leveraged loans to highly indebted companies, because the fees offer strong revenue growth when many of their traditional businesses are posting low returns. (Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Five years ago, I wrote my first article about virtual currencies, documenting the sizable stockpile of Bitcoins that the Winklevoss twins, Cameron and Tyler, had amassed.At the time, I figured Bitcoin would be a flash in the pan, with roughly the life span of pet rocks or Furbys. But neither Bitcoin nor the Winklevii, as they’re known, has withered under the unending stream of skepticism. The value of a single Bitcoin is now up more than 11,000 from when I wrote that first story, and the brothers have become billionaires, at least on paper.I have continued writing about Bitcoin throughout its remarkable rise, but I could have never anticipated the way the technology has broken out over the past year, with everyone from Vladimir Putin to mom-and-pop investors in South Korea looking at how to use and profit from the technology.(Most recently, I wrote about the enormous electricity consumption of the network of computers supporting Bitcoin, which now uses as much energy as some medium-sized countries.)These developments have been enough to turn me, over the last year, into essentially a full-time cryptocurrency reporter. It’s safe to say that’s a first for The Times.Before this all began, I was covering financial markets and banks from New York. That gave me a grounding to begin understanding this, but Bitcoin has turned into a very different kind of financial market. At the banks, I kept hearing about how they were taking this technology seriously as something that might change their business in the long run. That is because beneath the digital tokens, Bitcoin introduced a new kind of crowdsourced financial infrastructure, known as the blockchain, that allows for the creation of money and financial records that aren’t maintained by any central authority like a bank or a government.Claims about Bitcoin’s longevity differ dramatically. If you listen only to virtual currency aficionados, you would think that digital money is certain to dethrone the dollar as the global reserve currency and kill Wall Street, to boot. I get dozens of emails every day from entrepreneurs who tell me how they are going to use the technology introduced by Bitcoin to revolutionize the music industry, or shipping business, or even democracy itself. Meanwhile, very smart people like Warren Buffett and Joseph Stiglitz have continued to say that the whole thing is just a bubble waiting to burst.How is a single journalist supposed to work through it all? It can feel a bit like being there at the invention of the stock market, but with no certainty that stocks would actually work as promised — and with everything hinging on software that few people understand.Certainly one part of this requires understanding the technical details of how Bitcoin and other digital tokens work. The time I’ve spent grappling with the inner workings of virtual currencies has given me a sense of why so many computer scientists see the Bitcoin network as real technological innovation and not just a token that people buy and sell. I have a good stable of geeks who help walk me through the details when I get confused. And when I go to dinner parties it comes in handy — everyone these days wants to talk about how Bitcoin works and whether it is a bubble.But from that first article about the Winklevoss twins, I have tried to focus, whenever possible, on the real people who are buying and using Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, and what is motivating them. That has taken me to Argentina, where I saw how people are using virtual currencies to escape the inflation their local currency is experiencing. It has also led me to the online black markets, where virtual currencies have made it easier for addicts to buy deadly drugs from China and for criminals to collect ransom payments.It is also the real-world usage that tests whether Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are able to live up to the big promises that they are making. With most virtual currency projects, I’ve found that there are relatively few real-world transactions to back up the big, speculative bets that investors are making.Perhaps most fascinating is how these new currencies draw communities around them. It’s a potent reminder that all money is a social construct: The more people who believe a Bitcoin or dollar will retain its value in a week, the greater the value the currency will have.But these are still early days. The death of Bitcoin has been wrongfully proclaimed many times already. For my part, The Times’s rules against investing in what we write about has allowed me to be equally open to this going up or down.Beyond that, these virtual currencies are all living economics experiments, testing how different sorts of incentives create different behaviors. Bitcoin has an elaborate system of carrots and sticks designed to attract followers and to increase the cybersecurity of the Bitcoin network. But these incentives don’t always work as expected. That uncertainty is what makes it so interesting to watch — and to report on.SAN FRANCISCO — The virtual currency boom has gotten so heated that it is throwing the list of the world’s richest people into disarray.Consider what has happened to the founders of an upstart virtual currency known as Ripple, which has seen its value skyrocket in recent weeks.At one point on Thursday, Chris Larsen, a Ripple co-founder who is also the largest holder of Ripple tokens, was worth more than $59 billion, according to figures from Forbes. That would have briefly vaulted Mr. Larsen ahead of Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg into fifth place on the Forbes list of the world’s richest people.Other top Ripple holders would have also zoomed up that list as the value of their tokens soared more than 100 percent during the last week — and more than 30,000 percent in the last year. The boom has turned Ripple into the second largest virtual currency, within striking distance of the original behemoth, Bitcoin.The explosion in Ripple’s value over the past month is the starkest illustration yet of how the mania around Bitcoin  has spilled over into a broader universe of virtual currencies. These coins — with names like Cardano, Stellar, and Iota — are generally new twists on the Bitcoin technology, which uses a decentralized network of volunteer computers to keep a record, known as a blockchain, of all transactions.While most of these currencies were worth nearly nothing a year ago, many are now responsible for creating billionaires — albeit with rapidly fluctuating fortunes. If this is a tulip fever, the fever has spread to chrysanthemums and poppies.Mr. Larsen’s soaring wealth sparked a few congratulatory messages on Twitter on Thursday, even if the value of Ripple — and his Forbes ranking — dropped later in the day. But his net worth, and the ballooning value of Ripple tokens, mostly drew comments about the irrationality of the virtual currency markets, which appear to be largely driven these days by the fear of missing out, or FOMO.“This is beyond insane,” said Jeremy Gardner, an investor who previously worked at the virtual currency hedge fund Blockchain Capital, which invested in Ripple. “There’s absolutely nothing driving this rally except rampant FOMO, misinformation, and speculation.”Ripple, whose tokens are known as XRP, is far from the only virtual currency being fueled by the hysteria. In 2017, there were 29 tokens — including Einsteinium and Byteball — that rose more than Bitcoin’s remarkable 1,600 percent jump, according to OnChainFx, a data provider.Nearly 40 virtual currencies are worth more than $1 billion — when all the outstanding tokens are counted at their current value — despite many of them not having been used in any sort of transaction other than speculative trading.Against this backdrop, Ripple could be considered a staid institution, though one with a colorful history.Ripple was invented in 2012 by Jed McCaleb, a programmer who had created Mt. Gox, a Bitcoin exchange that later dissolved in disgrace. Mr. McCaleb designed Ripple as a faster and more efficient version of Bitcoin, without the mining process that Bitcoin uses to distribute new coins and secure the network.Mr. Larsen joined Mr. McCaleb early on to create a company, also known as Ripple. The company helped develop an open source Ripple software that makes it possible to move money between digital wallets. The Ripple token is one of the currencies that can be transferred with the software.Mr. McCaleb later left Ripple in an acrimonious divorce, though he retained a sizable number of Ripple tokens. His holdings were worth around $20 billion at Thursday’s prices, putting him close to 40th on the Forbes list. (The actual list is only published once a year, and no big virtual currency holders have been officially added.)Mr. McCaleb has since created a competitor to Ripple, known as Stellar. Stellar has risen even faster than Ripple in recent weeks, with all outstanding Stellar tokens — known as Lumens — worth around $14 billion on Thursday, making it the seventh largest virtual currency.In contrast, all the outstanding Ripple tokens were worth $140 billion on Thursday, while all Bitcoin were worth $250 billion.Yet the fortunes of Mr. McCaleb and Mr. Larsen are not nearly as durable as those of other people on the Forbes list given that the value of virtual currencies fluctuates wildly. If Mr. Larsen wanted to access his wealth by selling Ripple tokens for dollars, it would likely drive down the value of Ripple tokens — and his riches.Mr. McCaleb and Mr. Larsen did not respond to questions about the recent price increases.Mr. Larsen was Ripple’s chief executive from 2012 until he stepped down last year to become the company’s executive chairman. During his tenure, Ripple focused on helping banks use its software to shift money between different foreign currencies, something that most banks currently do through a cumbersome process involving separate accounts in every country where they operate.Ripple has said it has signed up more than 100 banks to use the company’s technology, including American Express and Banco Santander.But banks do not need to use Ripple tokens for Ripple’s software to transfer dollars, euros and yen. That point appears to be lost on many small time investors who are buying Ripple tokens.Most of the buying and selling of Ripple tokens is happening in South Korea, according to data providers that track virtual currency exchanges, where ordinary investors have thrown money at a wide array of virtual currencies.Several virtual currency hedge fund investors said that they have talked to banks and heard about interest in Ripple’s software, but not its tokens.“I’m not aware of banks using or planning to use the XRP token at the scale of tens of billions of dollars necessary to support XRP’s valuation,” said Ari Paul, a co-founder of the hedge fund BlockTower Capital.Ripple has so far announced that one company, a Mexican money-transfer business, is planning to use the Ripple token.Brad Garlinghouse, who took over as Ripple’s chief executive last year, said in an interview this week that other institutions are also using — or looking at using — XRP, but the company could not name them because of confidentiality agreements.Mr. Garlinghouse said he thought the rising value of Ripple tokens was justified, given the company’s growth and the size of the foreign currency markets that Ripple wants to tackle.“It’s clear that people increasingly understand that we are solving a very large problem,” he said.Ripple has attracted the ire of Bitcoin fans because Ripple has a greater degree of centralized authority in Mr. Garlinghouse’s company, even though the Ripple software is open source. Bitcoin and other virtual currencies were designed to operate without companies or governments in charge.But the company Ripple, if not the XRP token, has won a following among top figures in government and finance who are interested in bringing the ideas introduced by Bitcoin into the traditional financial system. The company’s board includes the former top financial regulator in New York state, Benjamin M. Lawsky, and Gene Sperling, who was the director of the National Economic Council under Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton.Still, even virtual currency analysts who believe in Ripple’s software have said there is a big difference between Ripple the company being successful, and Ripple the token gaining enough traction to justify current prices.“An impossibly long list of things already needs to go right for XRP to become a reserve currency for banks,” Ryan Selkis, a virtual currency analyst, wrote in a post on Thursday.But, Mr. Selkis added, that doesn’t mean Ripple’s price won’t keep ascending. Why? “Because this is crypto, and everyone in the industry is now slinging crack crypto cocaine to retail addicts,” he wrote.SAN FRANCISCO — The air has been swiftly leaking out of the virtual currency bubble.A decline in virtual currency prices that began before Christmas has picked up pace in recent days as concern has grown that governments could crack down on the new industry.For a time on Wednesday, the price of Bitcoin dipped below $10,000 — taking it down to about half what it was at its peak last month.Other virtual currencies have been falling even faster. Ripple, which was briefly second in value after Bitcoin, has lost more than two-thirds of its value from the high it hit early this month.The falling prices have been serious enough to prompt online posts with suicide hotlines for virtual currency investors in despair.The declines are likely to be particularly painful for people who took out debt to buy virtual currencies at high prices. Even the lows hit on Wednesday are still well up — some 1,000 percent — from where Bitcoin began 2017. But that is little comfort for the people who purchased late last year.One person on Reddit wrote about persuading family members to buy digital tokens late in 2017 and regretting it.“Fast forward to today,” the user, going by the screen name PM_ME_UR_ROOM_VIEW, wrote. “I opened my phone and I find a barrage of messages from them accusing me of scamming them and tricking them into crypto because they lost money, I tried to explain to them that this is normal and it will bounce back soon and it’s just a correction and don’t sell but they aren’t listening.”For skeptics of virtual currencies, the falling prices have provided some vindication.“Most people are buying Bitcoin, not because of a belief in its future as a global currency, but because they expect it to rise in value,” a note from economists at Capital Economics said on Wednesday. “Accordingly, it has all the hallmarks of a classic speculative bubble, which we expect to burst.”The pessimism in recent days has been fed by several reports that governments around the world were planning to tighten the reins on virtual currency trading.South Korean officials have said they were contemplating shutting down the virtual currency exchanges that have popped up over the past year. South Korea has seen the most frenzied surge of ordinary investors throwing their savings into Bitcoin and other digital tokens.The Chinese government has already shut down exchanges in China, but it was recently reported to be taking even further measures against new forms of online trading as well as Bitcoin mining operations in the country.Regulators in the United States have continued to crack down on smaller virtual currencies like Bitconnect, which has been described as a Ponzi scheme by many in the industry.Bitcoin, which began in 2009, has been through these sorts of wild swings before. The price spiked in late 2013 to above $1,000, before moves by the Chinese government sent the price sliding. It was only last year that the price again recovered to the same levels.Since that recovery, an array of virtual currencies have been on a nearly uninterrupted tear. With Bitcoin, investors have been betting that it could be a new kind of asset, outside the control of any government, something like digital gold.Investors have also been putting money into newer virtual currencies like Ethereum and Ripple, which were designed to do more sophisticated types of transactions than Bitcoin.The excitement has been amplified by hedge funds that were created in the last year to invest in virtual currencies and by Wall Street institutions that have expressed an interest.But investments in these new tokens have far outstripped their real-world use in the types of transactions for which they are intended. Ripple, for example, is supposed to help financial institutions transfer money across international borders. But only a few institutions have said they are using the currency, known as XRP, for that purpose.Some longtime virtual currency investors have said that a major price pullback was necessary after the hype had gotten so far ahead of the reality.“This is the ecosystem purging the ‘easy money’ crowd that arrived in past couple months,” Spencer Bogart, a partner with the hedge fund Blockchain Capital, wrote on Twitter.Prominent individual investors echoed that sentiment. “I usually recommend people to buy during dips like these if they were hesitant to enter the market before because you can get in on a discount,” said James Spediacci, who with his brother Julian runs an investment club for virtual currency investors.Monica Quaintance, lead engineer at a company working on technology related to digital currencies and an organizer of events for women interested in them, said investors should expect price volatility until there is strong government regulation. “People want to know that if they make a lot of money from Bitcoin they’re going to be able to keep the money,” Ms. Quaintance said.But for those less enamored of the technology, the declines are viewed as the beginning of an even steeper fall.“The latest price falls suggest that the bubble is bursting — although with prices still ten times higher than a year ago, they have a lot further to fall yet,” Capital Economics wrote.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Why Walmart is raising its hourly wage.• South Korea spooks the market for digital money.• Bond market investors feel some fear, but will stock market bulls?• And what will happen next with the Trump administration’s plans to reopen offshore drilling?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.What the retail giant is doing:• Raising the starting wage for all hourly workers to $11 an hour, starting next month and costing an extra $300 million• Expanding maternity leave to 10 weeks and paid parental leave to six weeks• Adding a new benefit for adoption expenses of $5,000 per child• Giving out bonuses of up to $1,000 for eligible workers, determined by tenure, up to a total of $400 millionWho benefits: Walmart said in its most recent annual report that it had nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. That’s much bigger than any other company that has announced tax-related worker benefits to date. (AT&T, for instance, has roughly 200,000 employees who will likely benefit from that company’s $1,000-per-worker bonus.)From C.E.O. Doug McMillon:Who benefits: Walmart said in its most recent annual report that it had nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. That’s much bigger than any other company that has announced tax-related worker benefits to date. (AT&T, for instance, has roughly 200,000 employees who will likely benefit from that company’s $1,000-per-worker bonus.)What else is behind the move? The retailer’s efforts to keep workers amid a tightening labor market, which has led companies to fight to keep workers. (The current unemployment rate is at just 4.7 percent.)More from Matthew Boyle of Bloomberg:Critics’ corner— Michael J. de la MercedDropbox has filed confidentially with the Securities and Exchange Commission to go public, Bloomberg reports.The closely-held file-sharing company with a valuation of $10 billion is among a group of high-profile tech start-ups that investors have been waiting for to go public. The offering would follow the disappointing debut of another of those companies, Snap, in March. Shares of Snap are down 15 percent from their initial public offering price.Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan will be the lead underwriters on the I.P.O.Dropbox had annualized sales of more than $1 billion, its chief executive, Drew Houston, told Bloomberg in January last year.Bloomberg reports: “A timing quirk in the tax overhaul that President Donald Trump signed last month may be good news for companies such as Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc., all of which began their fiscal years before Jan. 1.”The provision at issue, “in effect, gives a company until the end of its fiscal year to measure what’s cash and what isn’t for tax purposes,”That means companies, which began their fiscal years before Jan. 1, have more time “to reduce foreign cash they’ll accumulate this year.”Apple, for one, “may be able to lop more than $4 billion off a future tax bill,” according to Stephen Shay, a tax and business law professor at Harvard Law School, who wrote the “potential loophole” last month.Shares in the money-transfer services provider were up as much as 8 percent this morning after the company said that it was testing the use of Ripple’s XRP.It’s not quite the same as becoming Long Blockchain, but it still reflects the enthusiasm among investors that arises when a company associates itself with the virtual currency industry.From Moneygram’s C.E.O., Alex Holmes:— Michael J. de la MercedHere’s what the veteran Wall Street consigliere told Bloomberg:— Michael J. de la MercedAs of this morning, Bitcoin was down 4.5 percent, Ethereum was down 9 percent and Ripple was down 13 percent, according to CoinMarketCap.Thank the South Korean government, which may  ban virtual currency trading in what has been the third-largest market.Behind the potential moveOfficials have been concerned about tax evasion and rampant speculation.More from Song Jung-a and Bryan Harris of the FT:A spokesman for President Moon Jae-in played down the comments, saying nothing was finalized. But investors remained spooked.Bitcoin fever shows no other signs of stopping, however. Binance.com, a big virtual currency exchange, said that it had signed up 240,000 users in an hour yesterday. And strategists at Goldman Sachs wrote that virtual currencies may work as real money someday, particularly in developing countries.The virtual currency flyaround• Matt Levine writes that a pump-and-dump mentality that has taken hold of some Bitcoin trading. (Bloomberg View)• The answer to Bitcoin’s energy-use problem could be a 23-million-digit prime number. (Bloomberg)• The North American Bitcoin Conference no longer takes Bitcoin for ticket payments. (CNBC)The S. & P. 500 closed down slightly yesterday at 2,748.23. The Dow did the same, at 25,369.13. As Barron’s writes, “Stocks slid on Wednesday, because sometimes they do that.”But is there cause for fear? Bond investors appear to think so.What happened: The yield for 10-year Treasuries hit a nine-month intraday high of almost 2.6 percent yesterday.Why? • Central banks’ continuing withdrawal from crisis-era bond purchases• Investor worry that inflation will edge up• That Bloomberg report about China hesitating over Treasury purchases (although a Chinese government agency has cast doubt on it)The even bigger worryThat China will use its central bank to throw a brushback pitch at the U.S. Here’s what Brad Setser of the Council on Foreign Relations told the NYT:Analysts at the Eurasia Group found that scenario unlikely in a recent note.Critics’ corner• Bill Gross declared that we’re now in a bond bear market. (Bloomberg)• Richard Barley asks, “Is the great bond blowout finally happening?” (WSJ)Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has already removed Florida from his department’s plan to reopen oil drilling off U.S. coastlines — which pleased the state’s governor, Rick Scott, but angered nearly everyone else.Here’s who else wants out:• South Carolina, New Jersey and Maryland, all led by Republicans• New York, North Carolina, Delaware and California, all led by DemocratsMore on the stakes, from Timothy Puko of the WSJ:The environmental long read: “The Rockefellers vs. the Company that Made Them Rockefellers,” in New York magazine.• The naming of Ajit Jain and Greg Abel as vice chairmen of Berkshire Hathaway, as part of a dispersal of Warren Buffett’s responsibilities, “might sound like a fudge — but it’s also a sensible division of labor,” John Foley writes. (Breakingviews)• Tara Lachapelle appears to be in the “Greg Abel is the next Berkshire C.E.O.” camp. (Gadfly)• The Oracle of Omaha himself said that his health was fine and he was staying as C.E.O. He added of the two men: “They both have Berkshire in their blood. They love the company.” (NYT)As President Trump negotiates with lawmakers over a deal to protect the undocumented immigrants known as Dreamers, corporate leaders aren’t letting up.An open letter to Congressional leaders from 141 signatories — including Ginni Rometty of IBM, Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, Dara Khosrowshahi of Uber and Steve Schwarzman of Blackstone — demanded a “permanent bipartisan solution.”More from the letter:A roadblock: Several House Republicans have put forth an immigration proposal that clashes with Mr. Trump’s parameters for a bipartisan deal. One of them, Representative Raúl Labrador of Idaho, warned, “This is the only bill that’s going to unify the conference, and it’s going to get us to a majority of the conference.”The Washington flyaround• Mr. Trump declined to commit to being interviewed by Robert Mueller, backing away from a statement last year. And Mr. Mueller has hired Ryan Dickey, a veteran cybercrimes prosecutor. (NYT)• Mr. Trump’s companies sold more than $35 million worth of real estate last year, 70 percent of it to shell companies that obscured the buyers’ identities. (USA Today)• During a meeting about immigration, Mr. Trump suggested bringing back earmarks, the practice of stuffing funding for pet projects into legislation. (NYT)• Lawmakers in at least six states have introduced bills to forbid internet providers from blocking or slowing down sites or online services, a response to the F.C.C.’s repeal of net neutrality rules. (NYT)• The Trump administration plans to unveil a revision to banking rules that mandate lending to poor borrowers. (WSJ)The showstopper at the American Economic Association’s conference was a panel stocked with women, presenting research that showed the systemic forces arrayed against them in the field — and prompting pledges from leaders to do better.More from Jim Tankersley and Noam Scheiber of the NYT:Over in Hollywood: Controversy has erupted over reshoots of the movie “All the Money in the World,” for which Michelle Williams was paid scale and Mark Wahlberg an additional $1.2 million.The misconduct flyaround• The creator of the anonymous “Shitty Media Men” spreadsheet revealed herself amid controversy over whether Harper’s Magazine would do so. (NYT)• James Rosen, a former correspondent for Fox News, and Joel Achenbach, a reporter at the WaPo, face allegations of workplace misconduct. (NPR, WaPo)Meet Guo Wengui, who’s living in exile in a penthouse in Central Park after lobbing hard-to-verify accusations at China’s elite.Here’s what he said of the anti-corruption czar Wang Qishan, according to Lauren Hilgers of the NYT Magazine:• Lazard has hired Andrea Bozzi, most recently the co-head of French investment banking at Credit Suisse, as a managing director in Paris, Reuters reports.• HSBC has hired Michael Parry, Liu Kang and Jimmy He for its Asia-Pacific equities team, Bloomberg reports.• Uber had a system called Ripley to remotely shut down computers and lock up data when police raided its overseas offices, according to three people with knowledge of the system. (Bloomberg)• Ferrero of Italy is close to formalizing a $2.8 billion deal for Nestlé’s U.S. candy business. (FT)• Blackstone agreed to pay about $1.1 billion for a luxury resort on the Hawaiian island of Maui, according to a person with knowledge of the deal. (Bloomberg)• Google bought Redux, a British start-up whose technology lets phone displays double as speakers. (Bloomberg)• Bain Capital, Blackstone Group and Silver Lake have expressed interest in Li Tong Group, an iPhone recycling business that could be worth as much as $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. (Bloomberg)• SS & C Technology Holdings, which provides tech infrastructure for finance, is in advanced talks to buy DST Systems, a rival also active in the health care market, for more than $5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. (Reuters)• Intel released test results showing that its chip security fixes would slow personal computers by no more than 10 percent. Initial reports suggested a larger impact. (Bloomberg)• The Federal Reserve’s economic stimulus campaign turned a big profit again in 2017, but the windfall is showing signs of slowing. (NYT)• Chinese-born, U.S.-trained tech talent is increasingly returning to China, drawn by plentiful venture capital and government incentives for research. (Bloomberg)• How (and why) the former Disney chairman Michael Eisner won over the fan-owners of a fourth-tier English soccer club. (NYT)• Private debt collectors brought the Internal Revenue Service $6.7 million in the last fiscal year — at a cost of $20 million. (NYT)• Canada has filed a sweeping World Trade Organization case against U.S. tariffs. (NYT)• Advisers at some of the biggest discount brokerage firms make more money if they steer clients toward more expensive products, according to disclosures from the firms and former employees. (WSJ)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday morning. Here’s what we’re watching:• Warren Buffett has given two potential successors new high-profile titles at Berkshire Hathaway.• Sears issues another ominous warning about its fate as it tries to turn itself around.• Chinese government officials reportedly view Treasury bonds as less attractive. • And how will President Trump tout “America first” at the World Economic Forum?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.From the Oracle of Omaha’s interview with CNBC this morning:On naming Greg Abel and Ajit Jain as vice chairmen of Berkshire Hathaway: “There’s nothing magic about the time.”On Bitcoin and other digital money: “I can say with almost certainty that they will come to a bad ending.”On his health: “I’m in remarkably good health considering the life I’ve led.”On the markets: Berkshire is buying up stocks, thanks in part because the tax law should profit ballast to equity prices.— Michael J. de la MercedIn naming Greg Abel and Ajit Jain as vice chairmen, the Oracle of Omaha may be further signaling that one of them is likely to succeed him as C.E.O. someday. (Both were also named to the board.)Who are they?• Mr. Abel is the chairman of Berkshire’s energy unit, which earned $2.3 billion in 2016. He’ll be vice chairman for non-insurance businesses.• Mr. Jain is the longtime head of Berkshire’s vast reinsurance operations. He will become vice chairman for insurance operations.Is Mr. Buffett going anytime soon? Probably not. In the news release announcing the appointments, Mr. Buffett and his longtime partner Charlie Munger said that they would remain responsible for big investment decisions.The context: Mr. Buffett has already said that his responsibilities would be split into three once he departs. His son Howard will be chairman. The investors Todd Combs and Ted Weschler will be the chief stock pickers. The big question has been who would take over as C.E.O.Yields on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note have risen for five straight days. On Wednesday, they traded above 2.58, their highest level since March, after Bloomberg reported that senior Chinese officials “have recommended slowing or halting purchases of U.S. Treasuries.”This rise in yields has again ignited speculation that Treasury prices are set for an extended period of declines. Yields rise when bond prices fall. On Tuesday, Bill Gross of Janus Henderson Group declared a bond bear market.Of course, plenty of investors and market watchers, including on a number of previous occasions Mr. Gross, have called an end to the golden era for bonds over the years. Yet the bond bull market has marched on.Still, there are plenty of reasons for bond investors to be jittery these days. Central banks around the world are in tightening mode and are stepping back from the bond market. The global economy is gathering momentum and expectations for higher inflation are picking up.The current rise has Treasury yields approaching the level that some say would trigger the end of the bond bull market. A year ago, Mr. Gross pegged that level at 2.6 percent, while Jeffrey Gundlach, chief executive of DoubleLine Capital and manager of one of the largest U.S. bond funds, said 3 percent was the line.Goldman Sachs thinks so, at least in theory, but “the bar looks high.”The argument for: “If it proves capable of facilitating transactions at a low cost and/or providing better risk-adjusted returns for portfolios.”But the bar is high: “The currencies of most developed market economies already deliver these monetary services quite well. And if blockchain technologies go mainstream, as seems likely, the bar will look even higher. That said, Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies more generally) may offer viable alternatives in countries and corners of the financial system where the traditional services of money are inadequately supplied.”The store chain is already considered at risk of filing for bankruptcy, as it struggles to survive a tough market for retailers. This morning, it outlined yet more steps that it’s undertaking to stay afloat.What Sears said it plans to do now• The company has already arranged a new $100 million loan backed by ground leases and some intellectual property• It is trying to raise an additional $200 million, supported by the same collateral• It is trying to secure more than $600 million in a new credit facility, backed by additional property.• Cut some $200 million in costs that aren’t tied to store closures.• Potentially close more Sears and Kmart stores.These steps, Sears asserted, should help the company return to profitability this year.The bad news: Same-store sales for the first two months of the fourth quarter fell about 16 percent. And adjusted losses before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the quarter are expected to come in between $10 million and $70 million.What Sears’s chairman, Eddie Lampert, saysFrom a corporate blog post:— Michael J. de la MercedFrom Bloomberg, citing unnamed sources:Futures in major indexes, including the S. & P. 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average, were down in premarket trading.Here’s what the president plans to do at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, according to the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders:Other heads of state have promoted a very different message — including Xi Jinping of China, who defended globalism there last year. As the WSJ editorial board put it, “Davos In, Bannon Out.” (More on the latter later.)The context: Only one president, Bill Clinton, has attended the forum in person. (Ronald Reagan spoke via videoconference.) And even some White House advisers suggest that visiting a gathering of world leaders, C.E.O.s, billionaires and celebrities appears to run counter to Mr. Trump’s populist agenda.A tip for newbie Davos-goers: Plan on walking — traffic is bad even without a presidential motorcade to snarl it up.The globalization flyaround• Emmanuel Macron visited China with a gift horse and a defense of global trade. (NYT)• British political leaders have made a direct appeal to the German business community to help forge a sympathetic Brexit deal. (Guardian)• The European Union is advising companies to prepare for Britain to become a “third country” with no automatic right to operate in the single market. (FT)• Toyota and Mazda plan to build a $1.6 billion plant in northern Alabama. (NYT)Exhibit A: Mr. Trump appeared ready to support a deal that would eventually give millions of undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship.Exhibit B: A federal judge ruled that the federal program known as DACA, which shields some young immigrants, must be maintained, despite the administration’s decision to end it.The context: Executives like Tim Cook of Apple and Brad Smith of Microsoft have spoken out extensively in support of the young immigrants.The Washington flyaround• Read the transcript of the Congressional testimony of Glenn Simpson, the founder of the research firm Fusion GPS, as part of the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. (NYT)• Michael Cohen, Mr. Trump’s longtime lawyer, has sued BuzzFeed and Fusion GPS over the claims in the Steele dossier, which was commissioned by Fusion GPS and published by BuzzFeed, that he was a central figure in a Russian conspiracy. (NYT)With Steve Bannon gone from Breitbart for disparaging the president and Donald Trump Jr., what influence will the media company have at the White House? Mr. Trump appears unlikely to turn away from the populist stances on trade and parts of immigration policy that Breitbart and Mr. Bannon have championed.The Mercer angleRebekah Mercer, Mr. Bannon’s estranged patron and one of Breitbart’s owners, pledged support to Mr. Trump after controversy erupted over the adviser’s comments, the WSJ reports.More on Ms. Mercer’s role in Mr. Bannon’s departure from Jeremy Peters of the NYT:What’s next for Bannon? He is reportedly building a new political advocacy group, but it’s not apparent who would want to back him. (He’s also lost his radio show on Sirius XM.)• Activist funds invested $62 billion in campaigns around the world, more than twice the 2016 figure, Lazard’s year-end review found. (Lazard)• The internet performance company Akamai Technologies is working with Morgan Stanley to explore “strategic alternatives,” including a potential sale, amid pressure from Elliott Management, according to unnamed sources. (Bloomberg)The official answer: The KodakCoin it has unveiled with WENN Digital will “allow photographers and agencies to take greater control in image rights management.”The cynical answer:  Kodak’s surged 34 percent after it announced a “major blockchain initiative.”Critic’s corner: Tom Buerkle of Breakingviews writes: “A blockchain platform could give photographers a better way to license their images and receive payment. But it’s hard to see how that will reverse Kodak’s decades-long decline.”The digital money flyaround• China is moving to eradicate Bitcoin mining over concerns about electricity consumption and financial risk. (FT)• The value of the virtual currency Ripple has continued to fall, as much as 24 percent over the last day. (Bloomberg)• About three-quarters of women in jobs related to programming they’ve experienced discrimination in the workplace, the Pew Research Center reports. Among men, it was 16 percent. (Recode)• Rose McGowan will star in a documentary series, “Citizen Rose,” that started filming a month before the NYT disclosed her settlement agreement with Harvey Weinstein. (NYT)• The host of “Face the Nation,” John Dickerson, will replace Charlie Rose on “CBS This Morning.” (NYT)• The actress Catherine Deneuve joined more than 100 Frenchwomen in entertainment, publishing and academia in arguing that movements like #MeToo and the French #Balancetonporc have gone too far. (NYT)• Bridgewater Associates has hired Vanessa Selbst, the most successful woman in the professional poker world, in an unspecified role, according to Bloomberg.• Warner Bros. has named Toby Emmerich as the head of its worldwide film production, distribution and marketing operations, ending a power struggle between him and Sue Kroll.— Jeff Gundlach, the founder of the money management firm DoubleLine Capital, on why he thinks the S. & P. 500 will have a negative return this year.• Twitter missed a Monday deadline to respond to written questions about Russian election interference from the Senate Intelligence Committee. (Axios)• LionTree, the bank focused on tech, media and telecoms, has formed a funding partnership with Searchlight Capital Partners. (Businesswire)• American International Group had talks to buy Voya Financial for more than $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. The negotiations fell apart in November, but were a sign of the insurer’s interest in big deals. (Bloomberg)• Peloton’s $4,000 treadmill suggests a future for gadget businesses: It’s all about service. (NYT)• Electric companies in states like Massachusetts and Illinois say they will pass their tax cuts to customers through lower rates. Other utilities might follow. (NYT)• The toymaker VTech agreed to pay $650,000 to settle charges that it had collected digital data on children without parents’ permission and then failed to keep it secure, the Federal Trade Commission said on Monday. (NYT)• Ever more experts, including some Federal Reserve officials, agree the Fed needs a new approach to managing the economy differently — but not on which new approach. (NYT)• Speaking at CES on Tuesday, Huawei’s consumer products chief called AT&T’s decision not to sell its phones in the U.S. a “loss for consumers.” (The Verge)• Norway’s sovereign wealth fund wants to be allowed to invest in unlisted companies because technology groups are holding off going public. (FT)• Rupert Murdoch is finalizing the purchase of about 10 television stations from Sinclair Broadcast Group, which will bolster Fox’s portfolio of channels, according to three people familiar with the matter. (FT)• Uber agreed to pay up to $3 million to settle a proposed class-action lawsuit that accused it of docking excessive fees from New York drivers’ fares. (Reuters)We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Tuesday from a really snowy Davos. Here’s what we’re watching:• Jerome Powell won the support of 85 senators.• Three big companies announced their tax-related employee and philanthropic initatives.• Mick Mulvaney tells staff at the C.F.P.B. that there will be no more envelope-pushing.• Airbnb’s C.E.O. and C.F.O. have disagreements on strategy.• White Collar Watch takes a look at the KPMG case.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.In garnering 85 votes, he enjoyed the broadest margin of approval of any nominee by the Trump administration for office that required Senate approval.Per The Hill, here are some of the lawmakers who opposed Mr. Powell’s nomination:Mr. Powell is expected to largely continue the policies of his predecessor, Janet Yellen, whose term expires on Feb. 3.Who is Jay Powell: Here’s a refresher.One last defense of Ms. YellenWho had a harder time before the Senate: Martin Goodfriend, who is a nominee to join the Fed’s board of governors. Mr. Goodfriend had a tough time defending his assertion after the 2008 financial crisis that government intervention would spur high inflation — which never came.— Michael J. de la MercedDisneyPer a company press release:• More than 125,000 employees will receive a $1,000 cash bonus• The company will spend $50 million to cover hourly employees’ tuition costs for education or vocational training, including for courses unrelated to their current jobsThe total is $175 million this fiscal year.Notable: Disney C.E.O. Bob Iger is a Democrat who had previously weighed running for president. He didn’t explicitly link his company’s move to the tax bill, but it’s hard not to read the initatives that way.VerizonAnnounced on CNBC as part of the telecom giant’s fourth-quarter earnings rollout (emphasis added):The company said that it expects to reap an additional $3.5 billion to $4 billion in operating cash flow from the tax code change.JPMorganHere’s what the bank, whose C.E.O. has been a vocal proponent of the tax overhaul, is doing:• Raising wages by about 10 percent on average, to between $15 and $18 an hour, and improving benefits• Expanding branches, at a time when other banks are scaling back• Raising philanthropic giving by 40 percent, to $1.75 billion, over five years• Increasing lending to small businesses by $4 billion• Improving lending to low- to -moderate-income communities and to affordable housing projectsAll that will cost an estimated $20 billion.The comparison to other corporate titans• Walmart is raising minimum hourly wage to $11, from $9; handing out bonuses; and improving parental benefits. The wage rise and bonuses will cost about $700 million.• AT&T is handing out $1,000 bonuses to more than 200,000 employees and increasing capital spending by $1 billion. That’s somewhere north of $1.2 bilion.• Boeing is committing about $300 million to corporate giving, “training and education” for its employees and “workplace of the future” initiatives.Worth remembering: Arguably the wage raises have as much to do with tight labor markets and the desire of companies to keep existing employees or attract new ones as they do with the tax code change.— Michael J. de la MercedFrom a memo that Mr. Mulvaney, who is the acting chief (or one of two, depending on whom you ask) of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, sent to the agency’s staffers today:And:The context: Mr. Mulvaney, a longtime critic of the C.F.P.B., has been working to rein in the bureau, a longtime target of Republican ire.— Michael J. de la MercedThe home rental company’s C.E.O., Brian Chesky, isn’t always seeing eye to eye with his C.F.O., Laurence Tosi, according to an article in The Information.In one instance, Mr. Chesky thought about starting an airline as Airbnb weighed a move into the air travel business. Mr. Tosi insisted on a lower-key approach of partnering with an existing app, according to the news site.The context: Mr. Tosi was brought in from Blackstone to help professionalize one of Silicon Valley’s biggest unicorn darlings, much as Ruth Porat joined Alphabet from Morgan Stanley. That was more than likely to foster a clash between Silicon Valley idealism and Wall Street pragmatism.More from Cory Weinberg of The Information:Why it matters: Airbnb is expected to pursue an I.P.O. as soon as next year. Which vision for the company will win out?— Michael J. de la MercedThe charges against five former employees of KPMG and a former government accountant show the lengths an accounting firm will go to get a good report from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.The indictment is a bit odd, though, because the defendants are accused of defrauding both the S.E.C. and the accounting board. They used confidential information to help deal with potential problems in KPMG’s audits. But did getting a sneak peek at how they would be evaluated constitute theft, or just a form of cheating?Fraud is a type of larceny, and normally the perpetrator obtains something from the victim, who suffers a loss. But in this case, the scheme was to help KPMG clean up its act to get a better grade in pending reviews.In the world of white-collar crime, most fraud prosecutions involve at least some form of tangible gain to the defendants, and not a better report card. Courts have also required prosecutors to show there was at least some harm to the victim from the misuse of their property.One way around this issue would be to charge a breach of the honest services statute, but that’s not in the indictment. Nor did the Justice Department charged them under a law prohibiting the theft of government records. The S.E.C. did not accuse the accountants of securities fraud, only that they engaged in unethical or improper professional conduct.A statement by Steven Peikin, the co-director of the S.E.C.’s enforcement division, said that the defendants were “literally stealing the exam.” I’m not sure that’s quite accurate, however, as it was more like learning when the teacher would give a pop quiz.Is that a fraud?— Peter J. HenningAt Twitter, Mr. Noto — former Goldman Sachs banker, former N.F.L. finance chief — was the highest-ranking full-time employee. (Jack Dorsey splits his time with Square, remember.)Now he will finally get to be a C.E.O. He’ll have his hands full at SoFi.The social media network made clear that it has a contingency plan:Mr. Dorsey offered his own statement on Mr. Noto’s departure:— Michael J. de la MercedHe’ll earn billions of dollars for leading Tesla over the next decade — or nothing.That’s under a new compensation plan that Andrew reported first today. Critics, and there are many, may regard it as yet another publicity stunt by the electric car marker, which has struggled to meet production targets for its Model 3.But Mr. Musk and the head of the Tesla board’s compensation committee said the arrangement would benefit shareholders, since it’s directly linked to company performance.Here’s what Mr. Musk told Andrew:Trivia: California law requires that Tesla pay Mr. Musk minimum wage, even though he doesn’t want a salary. So it cuts him a check for a little over $37,000 each year, which he never cashes.Here’s what movers and shakers are saying in the Swiss Alps:Dara Khosrowshahi on Uber's very bad year:Marc Benioff of Salesforce on why trust has to be a company’s highest value (something he says isn’t always true in Silicon Valley):Michael Corbat of Citigroup on the “numbness” that has descended upon the global economy:John Studzinski, a Blackstone vice chairman, on the focus on the world’s wealthiest:More from the World Economic Forum• Did Emmanuel Macron persuade President Trump to attend? (Axios)• PWC’s latest survey of C.E.O.s survey shows record confidence — but also worries about terrorism, climate change and global politics. (CNBC)• Edelman’s newest trust barometer shows suspicion of public institutions rising fast among Americans — and the opposite in China. (Edelman)A year ago, the online art auctioneer found itself suddenly on its own, after its merger partner of just under a year filed for bankruptcy. Now the company, best known for selling a Wu Tang Clan album to Martin Shkreli, has struck a new deal.Paddle8 is selling a 15 percent stake to The Native, a Swiss tech and ecommerce company, Michael is the first to report. That partnership will help it incorporate blockchain into its services as it seeks to expand into the wider luxury market. (And The Native has the option to buy a majority stake.)“This is a way for us to show we can better align with a new generation of collectors,” Alexander Gilkes, a founder of Paddle8, told Michael.The virtual currency flyaround• UBS’s chairman, Axel Weber, warned that Bitcoin is speculative and is not advising clients to invest in it. (CNBC)• South Korea will ban the use of anonymous bank accounts in virtual currency trading, hoping to clamp down on crimes like money laundering. (Reuters)• The I.R.S. has similar concerns. (NYT)• Investors are desperate to buy into Coinbase, but shareholders aren’t allowed to sell. (Recode)• Alphaville parsed recent comments by the S.E.C.’s chief, Jay Clayton, about initial coin offerings. (FT)• Adding “blockchain” to your company’s name still pays off. (Bloomberg)Congress reopened the government after a three-day impasse. But the fate of the young immigrants known as Dreamers remains unclear. Moderate lawmakers prevailed after a bipartisan meeting that involved a Native American talking stick. Many liberal activists are unhappy.President Trump’s reaction:In the compromise: $31 billion in tax cuts, including a temporary delay for three health care taxes.The policy flyaround• Read a draft of the White House’s infrastructure plan, including the lack of a higher gas tax. (Axios)• The F.B.I. director, Christopher Wray, threatened to resign if Attorney General Jeff Sessions removed his deputy Andrew McCabe, according to unnamed sources. (Axios)• The White House’s message for 2018: It’s all about the economy. (WaPo)• The Trump administration’s energy agenda faces a tougher year. (Politico)• Montana became the first state to roll out net neutrality rules after the F.C.C.’s were repealed. (Axios)The big tariffs the White House imposed yesterday on imported washing machines and solar energy components appear aimed at countries like China and South Korea. They may respond in kind, as well as by appealing to the W.T.O.Meanwhile, shares in affected companies appeared little changed. “Investors are not too worried about the news, because these sectors have already discounted possible tariff moves by Trump,” Linus Yip, the chief strategist at First Shanghai Securities, told Bloomberg.Mike Bloomberg, however, wasn’t happy.Britain’s Competition and Markets Authority said in a provisional ruling that 21st Century Fox’s offer was “not in the public interest.” So where does that leave Rupert Murdoch’s quest for control?Fox said that it still expects to win over the regulator before its final ruling in June.Sky is looking on the bright side, saying the authority suggested potential remedies. (Those included selling Sky News or protecting it from Murdochian influence.)In other Murdoch news: Mr. Murdoch argued that Facebook and Google should pay trusted publishers a fee similar to the carriage payments that cable companies pay to channel operators. (Sky has long enjoyed some exceptions.)The media and tech flyaround• Another stellar earnings report from Netflix lifted its stock price, at least in after-hours trading. (FT)• Kevin Roose’s modest proposal for fixing Facebook: Make it more like Instagram. (NYT)• How Facebook reckoned with election fallout f and, overall, a not-so-great year. (WaPo)• Big tech companies set a record for spending on lobbying last year. (Axios)• Scott Galloway, a widely followed N.Y.U. professor of marketing, argues that the big four tech companies should be broken up. (Axios)• Bacardi will buy the 75 percent of Patron that it doesn’t already own, valuing the tequila maker at $5.1 billion. (Bloomberg)• The governor of Puerto Rico said it would sell its highly indebted power company. (WSJ)• Elliott Management and Bluescape are part of a consortium that has invested $2.5 billion in FirstEnergy, and could end up owning at least 16 percent of the troubled utility company. (WSJ)• A.I.G. agreed to buy Validus Holdings for $5.56 billion, signaling a return to expansion. (A.I.G.)• Dalian Wanda has hired Citigroup, CLSA and UBS to underwrite the I.P.O. of its sports business, according to unnamed sources. (Reuters)Shareholder activism corner• Dan Loeb’s Third Point has pressed Nestlé to consider selling more brands — and keeping its L’Oréal stake. (NYT)• Alexion Pharmaceuticals said it had added Deborah Dunsire, a medical doctor and former C.E.O. of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, to its board, with the consent of Elliott. (Alexion)• Cerberus Capital Management’s founder, Stephen Feinberg, is the White House’s top pick to lead Mr. Trump’s Intelligence Advisory Board, according to unnamed sources. (Foreign Policy)• K.K.R. is opening a new office in Frankfurt, to be led by Christian Ollig, who worked on the proposed acquisition of Unilever’s spread business. (K.K.R.)• Six weeks after firing Harold E. Ford Jr. for misconduct, Morgan Stanley clarified that the misbehavior was not sexual. (NYT)• Bill Ackman is cutting almost a fifth of staff at Pershing Square and seeking less of a public profile after three years of losses, according to people familiar with the move. (Reuters)• China is considering adopting a property tax that could reshape and perhaps even destabilize its economy. (NYT)• Ando, a meal-delivery enterprise started by the chef David Chang, will be absorbed by Uber Eats. (NYT)• The buyout industry is on a tear, but there are alarming signs that the boom could turn to bust. Buyout firms went out of business after a period of similar frenzied activity a decade ago. (FT)• The level of capital being injected into start-ups in China has raised concerns that it is the quantity of money available, rather than the quality of the investments, that will determine the outcomes. (FT)• The owner of an oil refinery rescued from the brink of closure by Carlyle in 2012 has filed for bankruptcy protection to restructure its debts. (FT)• Some of what’s at stake in Nafta negotiations: bacon, jeans and beer. (NYT)• To effectively combat misuse of shell companies, the U.S. would need a detailed registry of their owners. The cost of that might be the greatest impediment to real change in how assets can be hidden, writes the White Collar Watch columnist. (NYT)• Five former employees of KPMG and a former government accountant have been charged by federal prosecutors with plotting to help the firm get a leg up in a regulatory review of its auditing. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Tesla pushes back its Model 3 production targets again.• Manafort’s lawsuit faces a tough road.• Researchers discover two major flaws in the world’s computers.• Spotify filed confidentially to go public.• The death of Ant Financial’s bid to buy MoneyGram raises questions about how useful close ties to President Trump are.• Dominion Energy and Scana are combining.• Underwriting for free.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The electric carmaker said it delivered 1,550 Model 3s in the fourth quarter and would likely build about 2,500 Model 3s per week by the end of the first quarter.Those numbers were well below analyst expectations and Tesla’s past forecasts.In September, analysts predicted that Telsa would deliver 15,900 Model 3s in the fourth quarter. That number had come down since then. Prior to Wednesday’s announcement, the consensus among analysts was 4,100, or more than double what Tesla actually delivered.Meanwhile, the forecast of 2,500 Model 3s per week by the end of the first quarter is half the number it had earlier promised. The company now says it will produce 5,000 Model 3s a week by the end of the second quarter.Critics corner: “The premise of the stock’s sky-high valuation has long been of Tesla eventually dominating the auto industry. That notion has hardly ever seemed more fanciful,” writes Heard on the Street’s Charley Grant.The news hasn’t spooked investors much. Shares are down just 2 percent after the close.Lawyers know that there are many paths to getting a good result. When one is blocked, then look for another one.The lawsuit filed by Paul J. Manafort Jr., the former campaign chairman for President Trump, against the Justice Department, deputy attorney general Rod J. Rosenstein, and special counsel Robert S. Mueller III is an effort to find a backdoor way to block the criminal charges filed against him last October.The Supreme Court has made it abundantly clear, most recently in 2014 in Kaley v. United States, that defendants cannot attack a grand jury indictment by claiming that they are innocent. That’s what a trial is for, so once indicted the only alternative is to go to trial.But that’s a risky path, especially for Mr. Manafort who will face a jury from Washington, D.C., a venue that is not very hospitable to Republicans.To avoid a trial, Mr. Manafort asked the court to stop the case because it is unrelated to any Russian interference with the 2016 election. The lawsuit claims that Mr. Mueller exceeded the limits of his appointment as special counsel, comparing the indictment to the discredited independent counsel law that led to drawn out investigations of President Bill Clinton and others in the 1990s.Can it work? Federal judges have a strong aversion to interfering with prosecutors, routinely refusing to second guess decisions about who to prosecute and what to charge. So Mr. Manafort faces a tough road if he wants to find a means to block Mr. Mueller from dragging him into court.Deciding whether one is guilty is usually left to the jury, not a judge saying who should and shouldn’t be prosecuted.— Peter J. HenningThose are the names of two major security flaws found in the microprocessors inside nearly all of the world’s computers.The Meltdown flaw affects virtually every Intel microprocessor, which are used in more than 90 percent of computer servers. Spectre affects most other processors now in use, though the researchers believe this flaw is more difficult to exploit.From Cade Metz and Nicole Perloth of the NYT:The business implications are unclear for chip makers, who may have to eventually swap out all affected hardware to eradicate the threats.The researchers notified the affected companies but had tried to keep the news from the public so hackers could not take advantage of the flaws before they were fixed.The Register, a British science and technology website, reported news of the Meltdown flaw, spurring the researchers to release papers describing the flaws much earlier than they had planned.Intel’s shares fell 3.4 percent Wednesday. Rivals Advance Micro Devices and Nvidia jumped 5.2 percent and 6.6 percent respectively.The tax overhaul signed into law last month should boost corporate bottom lines.The bad news? The gains could be shortlived.Bank of America Merrill Lynch raised its 2018 earnings forecast for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index to $153 from $139.But tax reform may weigh on corporate profits in 2019.The bank forecasts earnings of $161 in 2019.Which sectors stand to get biggest earnings boost this year from the cut to the corporate tax rate? consumer discretionary and telecom. Why? The two sectors generate more of their revenue domestically and have a higher average tax rate.Not Spotify it seems.The music streaming service filed confidentially to go public through a direct listing on the New York Stock Exchange, according to reports.The NYT reported in May that the company was leaning toward such a listing.A direct listing is exceedingly rare and bypasses the traditional initial public offering process that virtually every other company uses to begin trading on the markets.Direct listings essentially move trading in a company’s stock from private markets to public ones, with new investors buying shares on the open market. Instead of a prospectus many weeks before the market debut, the company files a registration statement soon before a direct listing.By eschewing an I.P.O., Spotify is not seeking to raise additional money.Wall Street and Silicon Valley will watch Spotify’s listing closely. If it goes well, it could spur other high profile start-ups to pursue a direct listing. Wall Street is unlikely to cheer such a development. Direct listings generate lower fees than the typical I.P.O.That’s essentially what is happening in Asia. The Wall Street Journal reports that three state-owned Indian companies paid a dollar in underwriting fees to seven banks, including Barclays and Standard Chartered, for their work selling a total of $1.3 billion in dollar-denominated bonds.While those fees may be unusually low, they highlight a trend in the region: “Underwriting revenue, while also up from a year ago, isn’t keeping up with the accelerating pace of Asian corporate bond issuance.That is raising concerns that underwriting “could become largely unprofitable” in Asia.In the United States, companies, on average, pay fees of 0.7 percentage point for an investment-grade corporate bond issue and 1.2 percentage points for underwriting a junk bond offering.So much for the charm offensive last year by Jack Ma: U.S. officials have effectively killed a $1.2 billion takeover bid by one of his companies for MoneyGram.The failure of Ant Financial, an electronic payments company controlled by Mr. Ma, to win approval from an American national security watchdog raises questions of how much being friendly to President Trump ultimately helps.If it’s true that White House officials are clashing over how hard a negotiating stance to take with countries like China over trade, this development suggests that the hawks might have the upper hand right now.Who should be worried• Foreign companies, particularly Chinese ones, seeking to buy American counterparts. (Think also of Broadcom, which is legally headquartered in Singapore and which is pursuing Qualcomm — and has assiduously courted Mr. Trump.)• Domestic companies looking to merge in contested situations, despite having unofficial support from the president. (Think Disney and Fox, whose proposed transaction raised antitrust concerns but garnered praise from Mr. Trump.)• American companies looking to do business in China, who may now face retaliatory blowback.Critics’ corner• Lex writes, “With the demise of this payments merger, any Chinese company wanting to buy anything of significance in the U.S. should give up.” (Lex)• Richard Beales writes, “If it’s a rebuke, it’s one that’s conveniently unlikely to provoke great resentment.” (Breakingviews)Dominion Energy has agreed to buy Scana Corporation in an all-stock deal valued at $14.6 billion, including debt.Scana shareholders will receive 0.669 shares of Dominion Energy for each share held. That’s about $53.71 a share based on Dominion’s stock price at Tuesday’s close and a 28 percent premium.Shares of Scana jumped 22 percent on the news, while Dominion slipped 4 percent.Scana has struggled since this summer when it abandoned two unfinished nuclear reactors in South Carolina. The project was once expected to showcase advanced nuclear technology but was plagued by delays and cost overruns.Scana’s shares are down more than 40 percent since midsummer.Height Securities via Axios warns that the deal has ways to go before it closes.Where Bitcoin traded early yesterday: $13,833Where Bitcoin is trading this morning: $15,202What happened: It was probably the revelation that the venture capitalist Peter Thiel has made a big bet on the digital currency.From Rob Copeland of the WSJ:Has Founders Fund made money? The WSJ reports, citing unidentified sources, that the firm bought about $15 million in Bitcoin and that its stake is now worth hundreds of millions of dollars.The Bitcoin flyaround• John O’Rourke, the head of Riot Blockchain, a small biotech-turned-digital currency company, has made at least $712,000 on price increase of more than 60 percent after the company added blockchain to its name. (CNBC)• The penny-stock company TGI Solar Power Group enjoyed a surge in its stock price (though not quite what Long Blockchain, nee Long Island Iced Tea, experienced last month) after it announced a move into digital currencies. Its stock went as high as 0.2 cent. (Bloomberg)• Speaking of Long Blockchain, the company has added two new board members as part of its pivot from cold beverages to cryptocurrency. (WSJ)• Criminals are turning to a new breed of virtual currency, because Bitcoin’s underlying technology can work against them. (Bloomberg)It isn’t just the fact that Mitt Romney, a sometimes vociferous critic of the president, is expected to run for Mr. Hatch’s Senate seat. It’s that another Republican lawmaker who has been relatively friendly to Mr. Trump is stepping down before the 2018 midterm elections — which could whittle down the G.O.P.’s control of Congress.More from Jonathan Martin of the NYT:He’s running, probably: While Mr. Romney didn’t issue a statement on his potential candidacy, he did change his location on Twitter from “Massachusetts” to “Holladay, Utah.”Also worth notingThe Washington flyaround• Republican and Democratic lawmakers will meet today with White House officials to try and reach a spending deal before Jan. 19 — or face a government shutdown. (NYT)• The founders of the research firm Fusion GPS, which has been at the heart of the investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 elections, criticized Republican attacks on those inquiries in an NYT Op-Ed. (NYT)• American Airlines and Southwest Airlines joined the tide of companies offering employees $1,000 bonuses. (Bloomberg)• BP said it would take a roughly $1.5 billion accounting charge for its latest quarter because of the tax overhaul. (WSJ)• Jack Lew, the former Treasury secretary, described the tax overhaul as a “ticking time bomb” and asserted that it could leave the U.S. broke. (Bloomberg)• Michele Bachmann, the former Minnesota congresswoman and 2012 Republican presidential candidate, said she was considering running for Al Franken’s Senate seat. (Axios)• Vice Media placed its president, Andrew Creighton, and its chief digital officer, Mike Germano, on leave after the NYT reported on sexual harassment allegations against them. (NYT)• The Showtime political documentary series “The Circus” will return in April without its most recognizable star, Mark Halperin, whose career was felled by allegations of sexual harassment and assault. He will be replaced by the CBS News anchor Alex Wagner and the political analyst Mark McKinnon. (NYT)• Pete Wells asks who can clean up the restaurant industry and wonders when prominent restaurant figures will admit that the way the industry treats women has damaged careers and lives. (NYT)Oil is at its highest level since 2015, edging up this morning toward $67 a barrel. Geopolitical risks, like protests in Iran, have prompted buying, while production curbs by OPEC members have tightened supply.That rise is expected to continue.More from David Sheppard of the FT:Blackstone’s Byron Wien reckons that “populism, tribalism and anarchy” could push oil above $80 a barrel this year.The hedge fund’s latest victory: Alexion Pharmaceuticals said that it would work with the activist investor on finding a new director for its board.From a statement by David Brennan, Alexion’s chairman:The context: Michael broke the news last month that Elliott had built up a stake in the drug maker and was weighing a proxy fight if the company didn’t change elements of its business strategy.The broader landscape: For companies under pressure from activists, resistance requires deft maneuvering, according to Breakingviews. Procter & Gamble’s expensive, hard-line defense against Nelson Peltz failed, but both G.M. and Automatic Data Processing have shown that fending off hedge funds is possible.— Bloomberg, describing how SoftBank’s relatively modest market value reflects continued skepticism of Masayoshi Son.• Amazon could buy Target this year, the tech analyst Gene Munster predicted. (Loup Ventures)• Wixen Music Publishing, which manages songs by Tom Petty and Stevie Nicks, is suing Spotify for $1.6 billion, saying the streaming service used thousands of songs without a proper license. (Variety)• A young man with life-threatening cancer was granted a wish to go anywhere or meet anyone. He chose to meet JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon. (Business Insider)• Big deals are poised to return in 2018, but they may not fit so neatly into industry or sector categories. (Bloomberg)• In the final weeks of 2017, business loan growth fell to its lowest levels since the aftermath of the financial crisis, a change that could weigh on bank earnings this month. (WSJ)• Snapchat’s New Year’s Eve party was meant to be an “offline” experience, so the company blocked snaps coming from the venue. Employees took to Instagram instead. (The Daily Beast)• Airbnb defeated a lawsuit brought by Apartment Investment & Management, which accused the home-renting marketplace of enabling tenants to break their lease agreements through unauthorized sublets. (Bloomberg)• Lyft has teamed up with the self-driving software company Apriv and will be showing off a fully-automated ride-hailing service at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this month. (Bloomberg)• Michael Gelband, the former head of credit at Millennium Management, plans to start his own hedge fund in the next six months, after resolving a hiring dispute with Millennium’s founder, Izzy Englander. (Bloomberg)• China is suspending the production of more than 500 car models that do not meet its fuel economy standards as part of efforts to reduce emissions in the world’s largest auto market. (NYT)• The practice of putting nursing homes and related businesses in separate limited liability corporations and partnerships has gained popularity as the industry has consolidated, making it harder to hold owners personally responsible if something goes wrong. (NYT)• The pharmaceutical industry may be under attack over drug prices, but the problem has splintered and made it difficult to identify who is responsible. Meanwhile, Scott Gottlieb, the F.D.A. commissioner, has been following through on the president’s fiery rhetoric about rising drug prices. (WaPo, Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.