Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching: • What to expect from Powell’s first Fed meeting.• Trump, tariffs and the G20.• Pressure continues to mount on Facebook.• Facebook had a terrible day.• So did Uber.• Leaders at the G-20 summit are still trying to avert a trade war.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.Federal Reserve policymakers conclude their March rate-setting meeting on Wednesday. It is the first such session with Jerome H. Powell as the central bank’s new chairman.With the job market tight and inflation picking up only gradually, the Fed is widely expected to raise rates by a quarter of a percentage point in what is likely to be the first of three rate increases this year.After the meeting, Mr. Powell will hold his first news conference in his new role, where observers will be listening closely for any suggestion that the Fed might depart from its anticipated path, and, if so, why.Here’s a look at what economists and money managers are expecting:Jan Hatzius, Goldman Sachs: “Public remarks by Fed officials suggest a broad shift in the committee’s outlook towards a potentially faster pace of tightening, and we expect the median dot to show four hikes in 2018, up from three at the December meeting. Additional hawkish changes—a move to three hikes in 2019 or an increase in the longer-run funds rate estimates—are also possible but not our base case.”Michelle Meyer, Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ms. Meyer says she expects the Fed raise rates this meeting, but “unlike December where there were two dissents, we expect this decision to be unanimous given the shift in voters this year in the hawkish direction. The focus will be on the evolution of the dots: we look for the median to hold at three hikes for this year, but to shift up from two to three hikes in 2019. We also think the long-run dot will edge up to 2.875%. This would show a Fed that is more confident about its ability to deliver rate hikes, but without an urgency to front-load the tightening.”Ian Shepherdson, Pantheon Macroeconomics: Mr. Powell “is bound to be faced with questions along the lines of “Why are you not raising the dots in the wake of the substantial, unfunded fiscal easing?”. His reply, we suspect, will be something like: “It’s not our job to tell Congress how to conduct fiscal policy, and it’s too soon to assess the impact of the tax cuts and spending increases. Much of the easing of policy could be saved rather than spent, and there are encouraging signs that productivity is picking up, so any upturn in wage growth as a result of fiscal loosening need not necessarily generate higher inflation. In any event, with inflation well below target, gradual normalization is the best way to balance the risks of both future inflation and the premature ending of the cycle via excessive tightening.”Stephen Stanley, Amherst Pierpont: “The bulk of the interest in this week’s F.O.M.C. meeting will come from the updated dot and economic projections as well as any meaningful tweaks to the key elements of the F.O.M.C. statement. Any changes to the dots and statement language are likely to be in the hawkish direction, though I would expect that the new information will be more evolutionary than a radically different.”Steve Rick, CUNA Mutual Group: There is “a very strong case for not only raising rates this week, but potentially doing so in a more aggressive manner than previously forecasted at the end of 2017. I think we could see projections get updated to call for four hikes instead of three, with plans for lifting rates more in coming years as well.”Chris Zaccarelli, Independent Advisor Alliance: “Whether we have 3 or 4 rate hikes this year shouldn’t be that big of a difference to the economy, but it WILL have a big impact on market prices and market psychology. Every statement – whether spoken or written – will be highly scrutinized looking for clues as to whether the Fed Funds rate will be 1% higher (or only 75 bps) a year from now.”President Trump’s plan to hit countries around the world with stiff tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum has dominated a gathering of world economic leaders amid fears that the United States is on the cusp of starting an international trade war.On Monday, Steven Mnuchin, the United States Treasury secretary, was peppered with requests from several countries for exemptions from the tariffs, which are being imposed in the name of national security.In an interview on the sidelines of the meeting, Mr. Mnuchin suggested exemptions to the tariffs could be announced “relatively quickly.”Mr. Mnuchin said:Mr. Trump has already said he would exempt Canada and Mexico from the tariffs upon a successful renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and he has indicated that other countries could also get exemptions. But the United States has yet to detail exactly what would qualify a country for an exemption, other than a vague reference to protecting the United States’ national security and reducing bilateral trade deficits.Countries including France, Argentina and South Korea pressed Mr. Mnuchin on Monday about being freed from the metals tariffs, arguing that, as United States allies, they should not be penalized on national security grounds. Mr. Mnuchin said that decisions were being made on a case-by-case basis and that there was not a one-size-fits-all approach to deciding which countries would be exempt. The tariffs go into effect on Friday.— Alan RappeportThe Federal Trade Commission has opened an investigation into whether Facebook violated an agreement with the agency on data privacy, reports Cecilia Kang of the NYT.The probe comes after reports that information on 50 million users was improperly obtained by the political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry.The investigation, started in recent days, adds to the mounting pressureagainst Facebook in the United States and in the United Kingdom about its handling of the data. Cambridge Analytica used the information to help President Trump’s presidential campaign profile voters during the 2016 election.The F.T.C. and Facebook reached a settlement in 2011 after the agency accused the company of deceiving customers “by telling them they could keep their information on Facebook private, and then repeatedly allowing it to be shared and made public,” according to a statement at the time.Facebook could face fines of thousands of dollars a day per violation if the commission finds Facebook violated terms of the settlement, Bloomberg reports.Shares of Facebook are down 2.5 percent in early trading.Exhibit A: Its stock closed down nearly 7 percent, its worst performance in four years.Exhibit B: Its chief security officer, Alex Stamos, plans to leave after disagreements about how much the company should share about misuse of its platform. (He favored disclosure.)The overall problem: Reports about how the data firm Cambridge Analytica improperly harvested information from 50 million Facebook users are highlighting just how much governments itch to regulate the tech giant.And Facebook’s previous laissez-faire attitude toward data collection by apps has gone from feature to bug, Kevin Roose writes in his latest column.Peter Eavis’s take: Mark Zuckerberg’s unusually powerful position at the company may have played a role:More on Cambridge Analytica: An undercover investigation by Channel 4 News of Britain captured the firm’s C.E.O., Alexander Nix, suggesting the entrapment of a potential client’s political opponents with women and bribes. Britain’s information commissioner is now seeking a warrant to examine the firm’s data. And Facebook has hired a forensics firm to audit it.Critics’ corner• Jeff Goldfarb of Breakingviews writes, “Ten years ago, Zuckerberg hired Sheryl Sandberg to help turn his start-up into a serious corporation. It may be time for more adult supervision.”• The academic Zeynep Tufekci writes, “This wasn’t informed consent. This was the exploitation of user data and user trust.”• Cass Sunstein of Bloomberg View writes, “It would be a mistake to take the fiasco as a reason to keep treasure troves of information out of the hands of people who can provide immensely valuable services with it.”• Dan Gallagher of Heard on the Street writes, “Facebook’s immense scale also has made it virtually impossible for alternatives to catch on. That, in turn, makes abuse of the platform more urgent for lawmakers.”Public service announcements: How to protect yourself on Facebook. Oxford Analytica, an advisory group, wants you to know it’s not like that. And a little joke for those steeped in the British university system:Uber has suspended its autonomous vehicle testing in four cities after a car in self-driving mode struck and killed a woman in Tempe, Ariz. Until now, regulators had been increasingly open to testing: Just this month, California said it would start letting self-driving cars operate without anyone behind the wheel. Arizona already had.The head of Carnegie Mellon’s self-driving car lab has urged a halt to testing, telling Axios, “The technology is not there yet.”The virtual currencies corner: The White House banned Venezuela’s virtual currency in a new round of sanctions. Morgan Stanley analysts said Bitcoin looked like the dot-com boom and bust, only way faster. How Zug, Switzerland, became a hotbed for digital money. And the Hong Kong and Australia stock exchanges are working to share blockchain information.Shares of Oracle are down 9.3 percent this morningThe reason? The software giant reported that its sales missed Wall Street expectations and its guidance disappointed after the close Monday. The lackluster results led analysts to downgrade the stock.Perhaps more concerning for investors was the slowdown in Oracle’s cloud-computing business last quarter.Here’s a look at Oracle’s slowing cloud computer growth via Therese Poletti of MarketWatch:• Fiscal fourth-quarter guidance: up 19 percent to 23 percent.• Fiscal third quarter: up 32 percent from a year ago.• Fiscal Second quarter: up 44 percent.• Fiscal first quarter: up 51 percent• Fiscal fourth quarter: up 58 percentThe tech flyaround• Larry Ellison and David Agus, who was Steve Jobs’s doctor, have unveiled a start-up, Sensei, that promises more nutritious food through hydroponic farming. (DealBook)• Europe’s plans to change how tech companies are taxed could exacerbate tensions with the U.S. (NYT)• Amazon and Snapchat are chipping away at Google and Facebook’s digital ad duopoly. (The big two are still expected to control well over half the market in 2018.)• Tech giants ask a lot of Wikipedia — see YouTube’s plans to use its text alongside controversial content — without always giving much back. (NYT)• Amazon has reportedly considered buying Toys “R” Us stores, for the real estate. (Bloomberg)• The Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari worries that tech will transform humanity for the worse within decades. (NYT)Expect the White House to impose tariffs on some $60 billion worth of Chinese goods this week over what it says are unfair trade practices. But leaders at the G-20 summit meeting continued to push for free trade. More from Andrea Thomas and Paul Kiernan of the WSJ:And some critics say that Mr. Trump is missing the bigger picture, including the U.S.’s trade surplus in services.The budget corner: Lawmakers are still trying to finalize a $1.3 trillion spending bill ahead of Friday’s deadline. T hey disagree on health care and immigration.• Gary Cohn as C.I.A. director? It was apparently considered. And the White House named Chris Liddell, the former Microsoft and G.M. executive, as deputy chief of staff for policy coordination.• The White House added Joseph diGenova, a lawyer who argued the F.B.I. was out to get President Trump, to its legal team. Mr. Trump has also mused about whether to fire another lawyer, Ty Cobb, and a third, John Dowd, has considered resigning.• Exploring why some Democrats voted for a Dodd-Frank rollback. (WaPo)• The dangers facing the continued boom. (NYT)• The Kochs urged Mr. Trump to accept the Democrats’ compromise on immigration. (Politico)• The race to find loopholes in the new tax law. (WaPo)• How that law may end up taxing sports teams’ player trades. (NYT)Bloomberg interviewed the Saudi royal shortly after his release from the Ritz-Carlton, where Saudi Arabia detained hundreds of businessmen in the name of an anti-corruption campaign.Mr. bin Talal wouldn’t comment on the deal for his release, but said that he has “forgiven and forgotten” the process, and continues to talk with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the cousin who jailed him. More from the interview:Elsewhere in Saudi Arabia: Behind the bromance between Jared Kushner and the crown prince. Aramco looks increasingly likely to postpone an international listing, focusing on an I.P.O. on its home stock market, the WSJ says. And why the kingdom wants to enrich its own uranium.Michael Ferro, who is also the media company’s biggest shareholder, stepped down hours before Fortune published an article in which two women accused him of inappropriate advances. Neither worked for him, but both said they had been interacting with him professionally. Mr. Ferro declined to comment on the allegations.A recap of his tenure: Tribune became “Tronc.” Management opposed a newsroom unionization effort. The company sold its crown jewel, The L.A. Times, after controversies led to the replacement of senior executives. Weinstein Company news: The troubled film studio finally filed for bankruptcy protection. And New York state is looking into how the Manhattan district attorney handled 2015 assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein.Elsewhere in misconduct: A loose coalition of Silicon Valley companies like Airbnb, Dropbox and Stitch Fix are pressuring venture capital firms to diversify their ranks. Female employees at Nike circulated a survey about improper conduct by male colleagues. And a former employee of the celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him for sexual harassment.• The Long-Term Stock Exchange and IEX took a step to spread new standards for I.P.O.s. (DealBook)• Boeing dropped its objection to Rockwell Collins’s sale to United Technologies. (WSJ)• Bloom Energy has reportedly restarted its I.P.O. planning. (WSJ)• Cheddar, the CNBC for the Snapchat generation, has raised $22 million from Raine Ventures, Liberty Global and the C.E.O. of the N.Y.S.E.’s parent company. (WSJ)• Greenhill & Company has hired Neil Augustine from Rothschild as vice chairman and co-head of its of North American financing advisory & restructuring. (Greenhill)• Germany has named Jörg Kukies, the co-head of Goldman Sachs’s operations in Germany and Austria, as its deputy finance minister. (FT)• Paul Fishman, the former U.S. attorney for New Jersey, has joined the law firm Arnold & Porter as a partner and the head of its crisis management practice. (Arnold & Porter)• The S.E.C.’s chairman pressed exchanges to end a standoff that has delayed a massive database of stock and options trading. (WSJ)• David Calhoun, a senior managing director at Blackstone, will give $20 million to Virginia Tech. (Bloomberg)• Larry Fink finally threw his lot in with the machines. Will BlackRock’s algorithms beat the fund managers? (FT)• The jewelry chain Claire’s has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. (NYT)• A case being tried before a National Labor Relations Board court could upend McDonald’s franchise business model by letting unions deal directly with the parent company — if it gets to a verdict. (NYT)• A court fight in London between two Russian billionaires is testing the Kremlin’s patience. (Bloomberg)• Federal prosecutors are investigating the fast-growing business of cash advances to plaintiffs in personal injury and other lawsuits, according to five lawyers. (NYT)• British and E.U. negotiators agreed on the terms of a 21-month transition period to keep Britain inside Europe’s economic structures. It depends on a broader agreement on Britain’s withdrawal, which is by no means certain. (NYT)• White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain that way. That’s not the case for black boys. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com. Good Friday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Dropbox’s valuation gives investors reason for caution.• Dropbox rises 45 percent in its first day of trading.• President Trump signs spending bill.• GlaxoSmithKline withdrew its bid for Pfizer’s consumer division.• Bank of America Merrill Lynch paid $42 million to settle with N.Y.’s attorney general over trading practices.• How bad will the U.S.-China trade fight be?Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.Dropbox faces fierce competition, doesn’t make a profit, its user growth has slowed, and outside shareholders have negligible voting power.Yet for now, at least, investors think the company has an amazing future.This optimism is reflected in the price of Dropbox’s shares after they traded publicly for the first time on Friday. They leaped to $29 per share from $21, giving Dropbox, which charges businesses and individuals to store files on its computers, a market value of $12.7 billion. Putting that number in context reveals the bullishness of investors. Dropbox didn’t have any profits in recent years, so comparisons have to be done using revenue and cash flows.At $29, Dropbox is trading at 11.5 times last year’s revenue of $1.1 billion. That is far higher than the 2.6 times sales for the companies in the Nasdaq index, according to Bloomberg data.Of course, Dropbox’s shares have benefited from demand for initial public offerings by technology companies. The stock might give back the gains, just as Snap’s did after its I.P.O. last year.Still, Dropbox’s fans believe that the company has a strong financial future, despite competition from the likes of Google and Amazon. One of their main arguments is that the company can increase its revenue faster than its costs, a dynamic that should expand profit margins over time. Rishi N. Jaluria, an analyst at D.A. Davidson, zeros in on its free cash flows, the amount of cash generated by a business after subtracting spending on plants and certain lease payments, to show this.His measure of free cash flows was equivalent to 16 percent of revenue last year, but, in his estimation, that margin could rise to 19 percent this year, then 22 percent in 2019.After Friday’s huge pop, Dropbox’s stock has arguably “priced in” the impressive future cash flows that some analysts expect. Indeed, using Mr. Jaluria’s forecasts, Dropbox’s shares are already trading at a far higher cash flow valuation than that of Salesforce, a software and cloud computing company with a long track record.What is more, Dropbox has areas of concern that should, in theory, give investors pause. The number of paid users grew 25 percent last year, slower than the 35 percent rate in 2016. Its average revenue per paying user edged up just 1 percent last year. Facebook’s shares trade at the same multiple to sales as Dropbox’s. Yet its revenue per user surged 26 percent last year.— Peter EavisDropbox finished at $28.48, up 36 percent from its initial public offering price.The file-storage company on Thursday sold 36 million shares at $21 apiece. That was above its expected range of $18 to $20 a share and valued the company $9.2 billion.At Friday’s close, Dropbox is valued at $12.5 billionHere are some more numbers to put the I.P.O. market into perspective:• So far this year, 38 companies have listed shares on American exchanges, raising $12.8 billion. That’s up 13 percent from a year ago and the most year to date since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters.• The shares of companies that have debuted on American exchanges this year are up, on average, 15%.• The average gain for tech I.P.O. this year is 43%;• Since the start of 2017, shares of tech companies that have gone public are up 72 percent.The three best performing I.P.O.s in 2018• Armo Biosciences (+126 percent)• CueBiopharma (+120 percent)• Menlo Therapeutics (+102 percent)The three worst performing I.P.O.s in 2018• ADT (-38 percent)• Corporacion America Airports (-39 percent)• Solid Biosciences LLC (-48 percent)The closer investors look at President Trump’s tariffs against China, the less they seem to like them.This can be seen in the way the stock market has responded to the trade restrictions, which were announced on Thursday but were flagged a few days earlier. The S.&P. 500 index was down 5.95 percent this week, falling every day but one. And the selling at the end of the week looked like like it was turning into a rout, with the S.&P. 500 skidding 2.52 percent on Thursday and 2.1 percent on Friday.We know that Mr. Trump watches the stock market’s response to his policies. He was reassured when the stock market rose after he announced tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. Will this week’s nosedive unsettle him to the point he softens his stance on trade with China? Mr. Trump sounded unfazed on Friday. “I think the stock market is going to be great,” he said.— Peter EavisThe president abruptly backed down from his threat to veto the $1.3 trillion spending bill and signed it into law on Friday, avoiding a government shutdown.Early in the day, the president had tweeted his displeasure with the bill, citing Congress’s failure to fund his long-promised border wall.From this morning:Julie Hirschfeld and Michael D. Shear of the NYT:(The backstory to the bill: Here’s how Congressional leaders settled lawmakers’ objections.)As Facebook plunged into a crisis over how Cambridge Analytica, a political consulting firm that provided voter-targeting services to the Trump campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users, Mark Zuckerberg came under criticism for saying nothing. Finally, on Wednesday he released a statement and sat down for interviews. We asked Paul Pendergrass, a long time corporate communication professional and formerly DealBook’s “Jack Flack” columnist, to offer his insights into the situation: In most of the interviews on Wednesday, Mark Zuckerberg was asked if he would be willing to testify before Congress, a task he has previously delegated to other senior Facebook executives.“I’d be happy to…” he told CNN’s Laurie Segall, before immediately qualifying that answer with, “if it’s the right thing to do.”He then went on to offer Facebook’s standard response to questions about why it has previously chosen other executives for Congressional hearings.He elaborated:Mr. Zuckerberg was surely being coy. When Congress requests the presence of a C.E.O. embroiled in a high-profile controversy, they’re usually not looking for information. They want a pelt to hang on the wall, and celebrity chief executives are particularly attractive.So it’s definitely a media opportunity… but for members of Congress, not the C.E.O.If Mr. Zuckerberg wants proof of that, he can ask John Stumpf, the former C.E.O. of Wells Fargo, and the bank’s current chief executive, Tim Sloan, how much information they were asked to provide. He could ask the same of the C.E.O. of United Airlines, Oscar Munoz, about his trip to Capitol Hill just after a passenger was dragged off one of his airplanes. For that matter, Mr. Zuckerberg could walk down the hallway and ask Facebook’s general counsel, Colin Stretch. Just last fall Mr. Stretch endured a Senate lashing over the use of Facebook by Russian operatives.When Mr. Zuckerberg is brought in to testify, the committee’s “goal” will be to ensure the American public understands why social media platforms can’t be trusted to regulate themselves. Mr. Zuckerberg’s goal will be to try to avoid acting in a way that would elevate his role as the designated villain in the story.Mr. Zuckerberg seems resigned to the fact that he will likely end up testifying. “I would imagine at some time there will be a topic where I will be the sole authority on, and it will make sense for me to do it,” he told Ms. Segall.After this past week, he will have little leeway to refuse. Having been roundly accused of hiding in the crucial early days of the Cambridge Analytica scandal, he won’t want to provide further evidence that he is inaccessible when people need to see him most.Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have clashed on artificial intelligence, space travel and the direction of technology.On Friday, Mr. Musk showed just how little love lost there was between the two tech titans.Mr. Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX and Tesla, deleted the Facebook pages of both of his companies, the NYT’s Nellie Bowles reports.Mr. Musk growing chorus of tech leaders calling for people to abandon Mr. Zuckerberg’s social network after it allowed a political consulting firm, Cambridge Analytica, to obtain and misuse data on 50 million users.China’s state-backed funds have a history of stepping in to smooth out swings in the country’s stock market. And so on Friday as China stocks tumbled amid fears of a trade war with the United States, those funds began buying, Bloomberg reports, citing unnamed sources.They purchased large-cap stocks, including Sinopec and China Life Insurance Co., Bloomberg reports.Shares of both those companies erased losses late in the trading session, and the large-cap CSI 300 Index finished down 2.9 percent after falling as much as 4.6 percent.— Stephen GrocerShares in both retailers are up in premarket trading this morning after Fast Company reported that the two sides are weighing a union. Shares in Kroger were up 4 percent, while those in Target were up over 2 percent.The purported rationale: the usual one. Retailers are under pressure from Amazon and need to get bigger both in brick-and-mortar stores and online.But Fast Company cautioned, “The companies appear to be struggling to decide whether a merger is the best path forward.” And Courtney Reagan of CNBC, citing an unnamed source, threw cold water on the idea:The deals flyaround• Steve Wynn has sold his entire stake in Wynn Resorts, worth $2.1 billion as of Wednesday. And Hong Kong’s Galaxy Entertainment Group, which aims to reshape the Asian gambling market, bought in.• In its opening statement at the Time Warner deal trial, the Justice Department warned that AT&T would use its newly bought content as a “weapon” to raise prices. Tim Wu of Columbia Law School agrees. Naturally, AT&T does not.• The entertainment mogul Byron Allen bought The Weather Channel’s broadcast assets for $300 million from Comcast and Blackstone. (Variety)• Blade, the helicopter taxi service, has raised $38 million from the likes of Airbus and Colony NorthStar. (Axios)• The publisher of New York magazine bought Splitsider from The Awl Network. (WSJ)• Deutsche Bank priced the spinoff of its DWS asset-management unit at the low end of the expected range. (WSJ)— Michael J. de la MercedBroadcom’s shareholders approved the chip maker’s decision to move its headquarters to the United States from Singapore. The move is expected to be completed after the market’s close on April 4.The vote comes nearly two weeks after President Trump blocked Broadcom’s $117 billion bid for Qualcomm, citing national security concerns.The decision was a blow to Broadcom and its chief executive, Hock Tan, who had gone to great lengths to deflect concerns by American regulators and the Trump administration. That included appearing in a televised speech at the White House with Mr. Trump last November, during which Mr. Tan promised to redomicile Broadcom in the United States.They’re here. President Trump imposed $60 billion worth of tariffs and penalties on Chinese goods. China is threatening tariffs on $3 billion worth of U.S. goods like nuts, wine and pork. Now S.&P. 500 futures and markets in Asia and Europe are down this morning, following yesterday’s steep sell-off (which was driven in large part by Boeing).The context: Mr. Trump has made subtext — China is the U.S.’s main economic rival and must be treated as a strategic competitor — text. Few in the U.S. are happy with Beijing’s trade and intellectual property policies. But the world is now watching to see whether the fight turns out to be a spat, or a prolonged and damaging conflict.Peter Eavis’s take: A trade fight that eventually relaxes some of China’s disadvantageous conditions could bolster the long-term prospects of U.S. firms. And if the U.S. is able to recruit other countries to its cause, China may relent. Still, much could go wrong.On the other tariffs: The E.U. is still waiting for confirmation of exemptions from the imported metals tariffs. They may get quotas instead. Meet Century Aluminum, the tiny manufacturer that pressed for those penalties.Critics’ corner• Stephen Gandel of Gadfly writes, “Trump’s tariffs and especially his protectionist rhetoric threaten to cut more and more of the world off.”• Paul Krugman writes, “America has much less trade leverage over China than Trump imagines, and a trade war with ‘China’ will anger a wider group of countries, some of them close allies.”• The WSJ editorial board writes, “A rising and aggressive China poses considerable risks to world order, but persuading its leaders to conform to trading norms requires more than scattershot tariffs.”• Christopher Beddor of Breakingviews writes, “The sweeping duties and investment restrictions the U.S. president ordered on Thursday in response to intellectual-property theft may prove largely symbolic.”The state’s attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, is expected to announce today that Bank of America Merrill Lynch is settling an investigation over its electronic trading practices.Mr. Schneiderman is expected to announce that the bank routed some clients’ trade orders to so-called electronic liquidity providers like Citadel Securities, then doctored trade confirmations and post-trade reports to say it had executed them in-house. The attorney general said the process was applied to some 16 million client orders between 2008 and 2013.More from Mr. Schneiderman:He has previously gone after Barclays, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank over their electronic trading practices.• President Trump has replaced his perpetually on-the-bubble national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, with the hard-line John Bolton. And John Dowd quit the president’s legal team for the special counsel inquiry.• A donor to N.Y.C. mayor Bill de Blasio testified that he steered tens of thousands of dollars to the mayor’s campaigns in exchange for favorable treatment. (NYT)• Saudi Arabia’s Mohammed bin Salman reportedly boasted that he had Jared Kushner “in his pocket.” Separately, the State Department approved a $670 million sale of anti-tank missiles to the kingdom.• In a CNN interview, the former Playboy model Karen McDougal laid bare what she said had been a 10-month affair with Mr. Trump in 2006. (CNN)• The former Trump International Hotel in Panama City has some new cocktails: the Stormy Jack Daniels and Little Rocket Man. (@KirkSemple)Sheryl Sandberg told CNBC yesterday, “We’re open to regulation.” And Mark Zuckerberg told the WSJ, “There’s no reason why the internet advertising industry should have a lower transparency standard than print or TV ads.”Their openness comes as advertisers like Mozilla and Commerzbank suspend campaigns on the social network and Britain’s advertising society is asking to question executives.In Cambridge Analytica news: Steve Bannon downplayed his involvement in the use of Facebook data and cast doubt on the usefulness of the firm he co-founded. Britain’s information commissioner may finally enter the consultancy’s offices today.Critics’ corner: Kevin Roose wonders if smaller might be better for Facebook. And The Economist tells the tech industry to create a data ombudsman before governments do it for them.The tech flyaround• The human in the Uber self-driving car that killed a woman in Arizona was a felon with a history of traffic citations who wasn’t watching the road. The company raised $1.5 billion in a new debt offering. And it’s struggling to hire truck drivers.• Naspers is selling almost $10 billion worth of shares in Tencent. (WSJ)• E.U. leaders cast doubt over plans to overhaul how big U.S. tech companies are taxed. (Bloomberg)• Instagram is tweaking its algorithm to make it a little more timely. (NYT)• Inside Jeff Bezos’s braniac pow-wow. (NYT)• The V.C. firm Blockchain Capital has raised a new $150 million fund. Physical Bitcoins are still attracting collectors. Nasdaq’s C.E.O. praised the S.E.C.’s scrutiny of initial coin offerings.• Over a dozen executives have left Whole Foods since Amazon came in. (WSJ)• Samsung added three new independent board members, including its second-ever female director. (WSJ)Its new requirements, for businesses who borrow money from it or want to offer its co-branded credit cards, include limiting sales to those 21 and older, requiring background checks, and banning bump stocks and high-capacity magazines.Here’s what its C.E.O., Mike Corbat, told Tiffany Hsu of the NYT:The context: Citi doesn’t have that many gun makers as clients — try Wells Fargo — but it is the first major lender willing to follow Andrew’s suggestion and reshape gun control within its business reach.Elsewhere in firearms: March for Our Lives protests against gun violence are scheduled for tomorrow, testing a new generation’s political resolve. Here’s where they’ll take place.An internal series of interview with C.E.O.s and others has become “Talks at GS,” featuring the likes of Bob Iger of Disney, Magic Johnson and the novelist André Aciman, who wrote “Call Me by Your Name.” (Lloyd Blankfein, one of Wall Street’s biggest history buffs, spent 46 minutes interviewing Ron Chernow of “Hamilton” fame.)The series will be on Hulu, Amazon Prime, Spotify and Yahoo Finance from this week. It had already been on YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.More from Michael:• Tripp Smith, the “S” in Blackstone’s GSO Capital Partners debt investment arm, is leaving. (Bloomberg)• Matt Kaness, who sold the fashion retailer ModCloth to Walmart, is leaving. (Recode)• Bird, a scooter-sharing start-up, has hired David Estrada, Lyft’s former head of government relations, as its chief legal officer. (Recode)• Jim Stewart compares two fraud cases: Should Elizabeth Holmes of Theranos have been treated more like the pharma bro Martin Shkreli? (NYT)• A fourth woman who settled over harassment allegations against Bill O’Reilly is suing him for defamation. (NYT)• Many women say they’ve seen zero change in their own workplaces as a result of #MeToo. Perceptions of gender inequities have barely moved, a WSJ survey showed.• Paul Singer won a round in his battle for influence at Telecom Italia: the chairman, Arnaud de Puyfontaine, and six directors backed by Vincent Bollore quit the board. (Bloomberg)• Guess who’s making the new post-Brexit British passports? It’s not the U.K. bidder. (NYT)• Charles Lazarus, who founded Toys “R” Us, has died at 94, as the retailer prepares to liquidate its U.S. stores. (WSJ)• Insider trading is a lot easier, and less harshly punished, in Mexico. (Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.