Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Judge deals AT&T a setback in fight with Justice Department• Billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen lost a bid to seal a sex discrimination lawsuit against his investment firm.• Corporate leaders are discussing whether the finance industry can help regulate gun sales.• Walmart’s fourth-quarter earnings missed expectations.• Facebook is still facing blowback for an executive’s tweets about Russian electoral meddling.• Qualcomm’s revised bid for NXP raises questions about Broadcom’s pursuit of the company.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The telecom company had asked for internal communications between the White House and the Justice Department regarding AT&T’s $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner.On Tuesday, a judge ruled that AT&T was not entitled to those documents, saying the companies had not “made a credible showing that they have been especially singled out.”AT&T has argued that the Justice Department has unfairly singled out its proposed merger with Time Warner partly to stay in favor with the White House. President Trump has been a vocal critic of Time Warner’s news network, CNN, and said before the election that the deal should be stopped.The bigger pictureCecilia Kang of the NYT: The trial is set to begin on March 19.For the first time, and after much protest, public companies must report their employees’ median pay and compare it with that of the chief executive. The Dodd-Frank Act, passed nearly eight years ago, required the disclosure, and firms are now disclosing it in proxy reports for 2017.Companies, lobbyists and some compensation experts spent years criticizing the rule, arguing that it revealed little about pay trends and was of little use to shareholders. The Institute for Policy Studies, a liberal-leaning think tank, on Tuesday noted that Honeywell was the first United States corporation to release the ratio. The company’s C.E.O., Darius Adamczyk, had a total pay package of $16.8 million in 2017, which was 333 times the pay of the median employee.The rule allows certain companies to exclude some foreign employees from the calculation of the ratio. Honeywell excluded workers from several countries where pay is most likely lower than in the United States. “The 333:1 ratio that Honeywell is reporting most likely would be even wider if Honeywell took all its workers into account,” the Institute said.— Peter EavisA federal judge in Manhattan, in a brief order, rejected a motion filed by lawyers for Mr. Cohen and his firm, Point72 Asset Management, to temporarily seal a complaint filed last week by Lauren Bonner, an employee of the firm. Mr. Cohen’s lawyer had asked the judge to seal the lawsuit, which alleges the firm underpays female employees and fosters a hostile workplace for women, pending the resolution of another motion to push the matter into arbitration.Judge Analisa Torres of Federal District Court in Manhattan said the request to seal the entire complaint was “not narrowly tailored” and was inconsistent with the “presumption of public access” to court records.Lawyers for Mr. Cohen had sought to seal the order because it contained details of other employees’ compensation packages. The lawsuit also detailed a testosterone-fueled “boys’ club” atmosphere in which men commented frequently on women’s bodies and belittled their abilities.— Matthew GoldsteinAndrew writes:My latest column, on how banks and credit card companies could restrict support of gun sales in the wake of last week’s school shooting, has stirred up chatter in the business world. I’ve heard from people throughout corporate America overnight since it was published. Many said privately that they want to look at what they can do.More from the column:Elsewhere in gun regulation: President Trump expressed some openness to tightening background checks.The United States Treasury Department is flooding the market with debt. On Tuesday, the government sold $179 billion worth of debt.Bloomberg reports:That’s been a regular question since the tax overhaul was signed into law last year. Analysts at Goldman Sachs in a note over the weekend shed some light on the answer.• “Companies have pointed to a modest increase in investment as one destination for the incremental cash flow from tax reform. Consensus estimates for 2018 capex have increased by $17 billion (3 percent) since the passage of tax reform.”• Last month 39 S.&P. 500 companies increased their dividend, while for the first since 2012 no companies cut their payments.• Buying back shares remains a priority of companies, Goldman writes. Over the past 2 ½ months, S.&P. 500 firms have announced $171 billion of buybacks, $67 billion of which has come this year, a 22% increase from the same period in 2017.In the same note, Goldman also took a closer look at this earnings season.By many measures, corporate earnings are the strongest they have been in the past decade. Goldman points out:• Companies in the S.&P. 500 are set to report that profit grew 15 percent last quarter. That’s the fastest pace since 2011.• The percentage of companies beating estimates is at its highest level since 2010. The percentage beating sales forecast is at its highest since 2004.But the stock reaction to S.&P. 500 companies either beating or missing expectations “has been muted relative to history.”The reason? Investors are more focused on tax reform and earnings forecasts for 2018, Goldman writes. Analysts have raised their 2018 earnings estimates for companies in the S.&P. 500 by 7 percent so far this year.Some contextHigher profit margins because of the lower corporate tax rate are driving much of the increase in this year’s earnings forecast. A point that becomes clearer by looking at 2018 sales estimates. Analysts have increased their revenue forecasts by only one percentage point and much of that increase comes from higher oil prices boosting forecasts for energy companies.Remember when the company said that it was changing its name from Long Island Iced Tea and shift its corporate focus to virtual currencies?Well, new developments have come up:• Long Blockchain has named a new C.E.O., Shamyl Malik.• It plans to spin off its beverage division into the publicly traded Long Island Brand Beverages by June 30, and the company’s last C.E.O., Philip Thomas, will be on the new business’ board.• And last week, Nasdaq informed Long Blockchain that it planned to delist the company because its stock price had traded too low. Long Blockchain’s market cap as of this morning was $31.9 million, below Nasdaq’s threshold, after shares in the company tumbled amid the great crypto crash of early 2018. The company is appealing.— Michael de la MercedHere’s why the company’s shares are down 10percent — their biggest fall since 2015 — after its fourth-quarter earnings report:• The company earned $1.33 a share, while analysts had expected $1.37.• Operating income fell 28 percent, to $4.5 billion, thanks to charges tied to the closing of Sam’s Club stores.• E-commerce sales rose 23 percent during the quarter, a slower pace than in previous quarters.• Full-year sales growth expectations went down by close to half, to 1.5 percent to 2 percent, in part because of Sam’s Club and a curb on the sales of tobacco products.What the company’s chief, Doug McMillon, said:— Michael de la MercedDays after Rob Goldman, its vice president of advertising, tried to clear up misconceptions about the company’s role in the 2016 presidential election, Facebook still finds itself in hot water. President Trump took the tweets as proof that Russia didn’t try to help him win, while critics said they contradicted Robert Mueller’s indictment.Mr. Goldman apologized in an internal Facebook post. But his tweets — which contained inaccuracies — suggested that Facebook executives still don’t understand how central the company was to Russia’s misinformation campaign, according to Nicholas Thomson of Wired.More from Kevin Roose of the NYT:Josh Hendler, the former head of tech for the Democratic National Committee, told the WSJ, “It was an almost perfect example of Silicon Valley overconfidence and lack of sophistication when it comes to politics.”The tech flyaround• One sign of how highly Google and Facebook value A.I.: The researchers sit near their C.E.O.s. (NYT)• Is Google’s ad blocker for the Chrome browser good for the web? (NYT)• Washington’s mayor, Muriel Bowser, toured San Francisco to promote her city’s tech bona fides. (WaPo)• And Washington has granted Elon Musk’s Boring Company permission to do a little digging. (WaPo)• Snapchat and Nike’s partnership during the N.B.A. All-Star Weekend highlighted the social network’s future in e-commerce. (Recode)• Sony is planning an A.I.-based ride-hailing system for Tokyo. (Reuters)With Qualcomm raising its offer for NXP to $127.50 a share from $110, it may have finally found a way to beat back its persistent and unwanted suitor. Broadcom has said a higher NXP bid would be a deal-breaker (as of this morning, however, Michael hears that it isn’t clear whether it will walk away).The new offer may have come at an opportune time: I.S.S., the influential proxy adviser, recommended that Qualcomm shareholders vote for four of Broadcom’s six board nominees. (But that too falls short of Broadcom’s goals. The company’s C.E.O., Hock Tan, has said he would walk away if the entire slate wasn’t elected.)A question: Elliott Management, which campaigned against the $110-a-share offer, is on board with the new one. But will Qualcomm’s shareholders accept paying more for NXP?It and other hedge funds stand to be big winners from Qualcomm’s raised offer.Bloomberg points out that Elliott, Soroban Capital Partners, Pentwater Capital Management and Farallon Capital Management own 47 percent of NXP’s shares.The deals flyaround• Albertsons plans to buy Rite Aid to better compete with Amazon, Walmart and Walgreens. (Albertsons)• BHP Billiton’s C.E.O. will meet with Elliott Management to discuss changing its corporate strategy. (Bloomberg)• SoftBank wants a seat on Swiss Re’s board as part of any minority investment. But Patrick Jenkins of the FT ponders whether Masa Son can become a digital Warren Buffett.• The marketing company Engine Shop has bought T Burns Sports Group, the consultancy founded by Terrence Burns, who worked on eight winning Olympic and World Cup campaigns, including Pyeongchang’s. (Sports Pro Media)• How Spotify’s privately traded shares could influence its direct listing. (WSJ)• The head of Arcadia, which owns Topshop, denied being in talks to sell it to a Chinese textile giant. (FT)• ValueAct has bought 5.4 percent of Merlin Entertainments, which owns Madame Tussauds, as U.S. activists continue to seek targets in Europe. (FT)• Temenos of Switzerland is near a deal to buy Fidessa, a British maker of financial software, for more than £1.3 billion. (FT)• President Trump has endorsed the Senate campaign of Mitt Romney, whom he once called “one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics.”• Public support for the tax overhaul is rising, according to a survey by the NYT and SurveyMonkey. It has also made BlackRock more optimistic about stock prices. Republicans are divided over whether the Office Management and Budget should get involved in tax rules.• The recent budget deal takes a step toward a federal rescue for as many as 200 multi-employer pension plans. (NYT)• The Office of Financial Research, Washington’s financial storm forecaster, is foundering. (WSJ)• How Michael Cohen, Mr. Trump’s longtime personal lawyer, used intimidation, hush money and a top tabloid publisher to protect his client. (NYT)• The Trump administration is continuing to dismantle Obama-era L.G.B.T. policies. (Politico)• The California assemblywoman Cristina Garcia, a leading voice for #MeToo, has been accused of sexually harassing staffers. (WaPo)An estimated $201.7 million in three-day ticket sales in the U.S., and $235 million in four-day sales. The fifth-biggest U.S. box office opening ever, not adjusted for inflation. An estimated $387 million in sales worldwide. (Oh, and a soundtrack that’s leading Billboard’s chart.)Has Disney’s latest blockbuster erased the notion that there aren’t big audiences for movies with largely black casts? More from Brooks Barnes of the NYT:Random musings (spoilers ahead!): What effect would Wakanda opening itself up have for global trade balances? What would happen to mining stocks? How would its immigration policies work if the country’s ruler says, “In times of crisis, the wise build bridges?” Does Wakanda have its own blockchain technology?Investors have been held hostage until they paid Bitcoin or Ether ransoms worth millions of dollars, as criminals increasingly target at the crypto-rich. The worst part: There’s no way to halt or reverse a Bitcoin transfer.Solutions discussed at a recent conference included hiring security, setting up “duress wallets” to fool hostage takers, and keeping Bitcoin fortunes secret.Elsewhere in virtual currencies: China’s crackdown on crypto hasn’t dented investor enthusiasm there. Prime Shipping Foundation, which struck the first freight deal settled in Bitcoin, plans an initial coin offering And retail investors would suffer most if the digital money markets collapsed, according to S. & P. Global Ratings.Where Bitcoin is today: About $11,490, according to CoinMarketCap.Critics’ corner• Mark Carney of the Bank of England says Bitcoin has failed as a currency. (Reuters)• Paul Singer of Elliott Management called virtual currencies “one of the most brilliant scams in history.” (Business Insider)• Sarah Tavel of Benchmark thinks digital money has a bright future but many I.C.O.s are “complete scams.” (Recode)• John Flint, HSBC’s incoming C.E.O., is a virtual currency skeptic too. (Bloomberg)• Deutsche Bank is cutting 250 to 500 investment banking jobs, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Bernie Sinniah, Citibank’s global head of foreign exchange solutions, is stepping down after 38 years at the bank. He’ll be replaced by Sam Hewson. (FT)— Ken Frazier, the C.E.O. of Merck, on why he spoke out against Mr. Trump’s unwillingness to condemn the white nationalist attack in Charlottesville, Va.• HSBC’s full-year results missed expectations, partly because of the collapses of Steinhoff International in South Africa and Carillion in Britain. (WSJ)• Private equity bosses face an uncomfortable choice between becoming corporations, potentially bolstering their valuations, and staying as partnerships to keep taxes lower. (FT)• WeWork’s C.E.O. doesn’t just want to lease communal offices. He wants to transform how people work, live and play. (NYT)• Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May, is considering a contingency plan that would involve holding back billions of pounds in Brexit payments if the E.U. does not give Britain the trade deal it wants, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• The European Central Bank has asked Latvia to freeze payments to its third-largest lender, ABLV Bank, after the U.S. Treasury Department said it may label the firm a money launderer for North Korea. (Bloomberg)• Fox News is planning a stand-alone subscription service, available without a cable package. (NYT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether have seeped into the public consciousness. Colleges including Duke and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are offering classes in the blockchain technology that undergirds these virtual currencies to crowds of eager students.The mania has also gotten the attention of regulators at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. But both can only look on — perhaps in horror — at what is happening. Laws adopted decades ago give the two regulators little authority to engage in oversight of the burgeoning market in cryptocurrencies.That may change if Congress can muster the political will to extend the oversight responsibilities of two agencies it has been rather hostile to in recent years. A better way may be to create a new agency — one that does not carry the baggage that the S.E.C. and C.F.T.C. do on Capitol Hill and that does not try to put the square peg of cryptocurrencies in the round holes of securities and commodities trading.At a recent hearing of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, Jay Clayton, the chairman of the S.E.C., and J. Christopher Giancarlo, the chairman of the C.F.T.C., spoke about their limited power to regulate the use of cryptocurrencies.Mr. Clayton highlighted the risks posed by cryptocurrency trading platforms that call themselves “exchanges,” which gives the impression that they are regulated like the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq. But investors using such platforms “do not receive many of the market protections that they would when transacting through broker-dealers on registered exchanges,” Mr. Clayton said. Instead, the cryptocurrency exchanges are considered “money transmission” businesses, subject to a hodgepodge of state and federal rules that provide little protection to those who use their services.There are distinctions between cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, which are not tied to a single company but instead operate more like regular money, and tokens issued by firms to help raise money in initial coin offerings, or I.C.O.s. Mr. Clayton announced a much tougher stand on that second form of virtual assets. “The structures of I.C.O.s that I have seen involve the offer and sale of securities and directly implicate the securities registration requirements,” he said. The S.E.C. has filed cases against companies making coin offerings for selling unregistered securities, and more are certainly on the way.Mr. Giancarlo explained that his agency does regulate futures contracts that are tied to cryptocurrencies, and it can police firms executing transactions involving the contracts. But he pointed out that the C.F.T.C. “does not have regulatory jurisdiction over markets or platforms conducting cash or ‘spot’ transactions in virtual currencies, or over participants on those platforms.” To reach actual trading in cryptocurrencies, Congress would have to extend its authority to cover a cash commodity market, something lawmakers have not done.Investors need protection. Virtual currency firms have seen a rash of large-scale thefts from customer accounts. An Italian cryptocurrency exchange called BitGrail reported on Saturday that tokens called Nano worth approximately $170 million had gone missing in unauthorized transactions. An exchange in Japan called Coincheck disclosed in late January that hackers had stolen $530 million from the accounts of cryptocurrency investors.Any theft can be prosecuted under a range of federal laws, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the wire fraud statute because cryptocurrencies are a form of property, even though they are intangible. But criminal prosecution is not a particularly effective weapon for battling hackers who plunder cryptocurrency wallets. Many of the exchanges are outside the United States, so finding those responsible is a challenge.Regulating the exchanges would be a significant step toward ensuring there is at least some protection for those buying and selling cryptocurrencies. That comes at a substantial cost, however, because the compliance requirements and reporting obligations for an exchange would be substantial. Operating with little government oversight has been a selling point for adherents of cryptocurrencies, but the growth in the market that has given rise to large-scale thefts and fraudulent schemes is fueling greater demand for some measure of accountability.Whether the S.E.C. or the C.F.T.C. are the best venues for this type of regulation is something Congress will have to decide. Neither agency has experience in overseeing virtual currencies, so assigning responsibility to one (or both) will require increased appropriations to develop rules and effective oversight.Perhaps a new agency is needed. The S.E.C. was created by Congress in 1934 to implement greater federal regulation of the securities markets. The creation of, say, a Cryptocurrency Exchange Commission, or C.E.C., could address a rapidly developing product that defies easy categorization without having to deal with the demands — and foibles — of an entrenched bureaucracy.This wrap-up is a new experiment to connect Australian readers with the best of The New York Times. Bitcoin may save the internet? Celebrity social media feeds are bunk, and reality TV drag queens can unlock the mysteries of gender?Clearly there’s a lot to discuss. And we (that’s our Australia bureau) are here to help, with a few fantastic recent stories about the intersection of pop culture and technology — handpicked for Australian readers.When you’re done reading, come on over to our NYT Australia Facebook group for more discussion.______Some of us are human, some of us are bots. It sounds dystopian, but really: it’s just your social media feed.This report shines a light on social media’s murky black market, where politicians, athletes and celebrities are buying millions of fake followers. Even Australia’s politicians have been scrutinized: Tony Abbott reportedly gained 70,000 followers in 12 hours ahead of the 2013 election.Perhaps more alarmingly, these social drones might be borrowing your identity.Are my followers human? Tools like Twitter Audit, although not perfect, can tell you how “real” your followers are – or if you’re just tweeting into the bot-o-sphere.______If you think Bitcoin is just about money, you’re missing the point.Bitcoin’s foundation, blockchain, could be our guiding light back to the internet’s utopian, democratic roots. It sounds lofty, but disrupters have changed the nature of the internet before.And if you still don’t really get what cryptocurrency is, don’t worry: Mr. Johnson, one of Silicon Valley’s most respected tech writers, breaks it down with refreshing clarity.Should I invest in Bitcoin? No.There have been a few key moments that flung drag queens into the world’s popular consciousness. One is “Priscilla, Queen of the Desert,” Stephen Elliot’s 1994 colorful and vulgar musical, and most recently: “RuPaul’s Drag Race.”The original Times review of “Priscilla” applauds how willing the film’s cross-dressing characters are to “laugh at themselves.”And 24 years later, reality TV host and drag performer RuPaul Charles now carries the torch of unrestrained, anarchist fun over political correctness.Where can I watch it already? Stream Season 3 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race: All Stars” on Stan.______Millions of women around the world have said #MeToo, but the impact of those words can depend on your level of celebrity, wealth, skin color, or just where you are in the world.In China, the government is blocking phrases like “anti-sexual harassment” on social media, effectively muzzling the movement.One professor suggests it’s partly because “people are not encouraged to speak up against superiors” in Chinese culture. As Australia continues to grapple with sexual assault on its campuses, could international students be less likely to report harassment?How can I follow how #MeToo is developing around the world? We’re glad you asked. Sign up to The #MeToo Moment newsletter to get weekly missives on gender and sexual harassment news in your inbox each week.Who would have thought painstakingly slow, hand-painted messages would be an incredibly effective way to cut through the digital cacophony?Paul Lindahl didn’t. But he pursued the outmoded career path anyway.Now, as brands are searching for new ways to convey “authenticity” and “meaning,” Mr. Lindahl is courting names like Gucci, Coca-Cola and Spotify from his paint-spattered Brooklyn studio.How could it go wrong? By hand-painting your advertisement over a well-loved, 20-year-old community mural, like another company did in the Sydney neighborhood of Newtown last year. It didn’t go down well.“Whoever thought that operational security could be wrecked by a Fitbit?” said Nathan Ruser, 20, in an interview from Thailand.Mr. Ruser, who studies international security at Australian National University, recently posted to Twitter his discovery that a fitness app had revealed the locations of military sites in Syria and elsewhere.The Pentagon is reviewing the situation.How can I follow this story? Check out Mr. Ruser’s Twitter feed, where he’s commenting and sharing smart takes on the security failure (in between tweets about triple j’s Hottest 100 countdown.)Good morning. Here’s what you need to know:• The era of the strongman?China’s surprise move to lift presidential term limits was another power grab by a leader, the latest sign of the world’s tilt toward authoritarian governance. As our reporter writes, autocrats’ power is growing from Russia to Turkey to Southeast Asia.Worse, critics say, the U.S. lacks the moral authority — or even the inclination under President Trump — to oppose the world’s slide toward hard-line control. (“I think Trump is probably jealous,” one analyst said.)China’s censors, meanwhile, worked to erase online discontent about President Xi Jinping’s move amid speculation that it might betray weakness in the Communist Party.And we unpacked the doctrines of Xi Jinping Thought, China’s new reigning ideology, and revisited Mr. Xi’s rise to power._____• South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, urged the U.S. and North Korea to start talking, but neither side seemed willing to budge from preconditions that have so far made dialogue impossible.The U.S. reiterated that it was only interested in negotiations aimed at denuclearization, and the North again asserted that its nuclear arsenal was off the table.Analysts said Mr. Moon was running out of time to make good on his vision for inter-Korean cooperation._____• The Boko Haram fighters arrived at the school with guns blazing.Horrifying details are still emerging of a kidnapping last week in northern Nigeria. As many as 110 girls have been missing since the raid on Feb. 19.Nigerians were all the more outraged that the attack mirrored a similar Boko Haram kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls in 2014. Officials say more than 100 of those girls are still missing.President Muhammadu Buhari called the latest abduction a “national disaster.”_____• There was no end to the horror in Syria, despite a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for a cease-fire.The U.N. secretary general, António Guterres, demanded the resolution be respected to allow relief aid and evacuations for 400,000 people trapped in Ghouta, a besieged suburb of Damascus. One resident called it “an uninhabitable hell.”Russia ordered a daily humanitarian truce, but it was unclear what effect it might have on the Syrian government, which continues to rain destruction on the area. Above, victims of a suspected chlorine attack in Ghouta._____• “Incredibly and relentlessly creepy.”That was one reaction to an Australian television interviewer’s sit-down with New Zealand’s leader, Jacinda Ardern, and her husband, both above.Charles Wooley, of “60 Minutes,” invited charges of sexism by calling Ms. Ardern the “most attractive” prime minister he had met, and shocked the couple by suggesting there was speculation about their unborn child’s date of conception.Ms. Ardern later said she was “taken aback, but not offended.” Mr. Wooley was unrepentant, calling the criticism “a bit Orwellian.”_____•  “Black Panther” may soon join the $1 billion club.The Marvel superhero movie has earned more than $700 million in global ticket sales in 12 days, far outshining competition like the R-rated comedy “Game Night” and the sci-fi movie “Annihilation,” which has impressed critics more than moviegoers.And “Black Panther” still has a lot further to go, with its arrival due in Japan on Thursday and China on March 9._____• Cryptocurrencies and blockchain were meant to be great equalizers. Instead, women are finding that the gold rush is already stacked against them.• Saudi Arabia is making overtures to China and Russia for help in diversifying its oil-dependent economy.• The Weinstein Company said that it would file for bankruptcy. • Samsung unveiled its latest Galaxy smartphone at the GSMA World Congress in Barcelona. (It features an upgraded camera.)• U.S. stocks were up. Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• A powerful 7.5-magnitude earthquake hit Papua New Guinea, causing landslides, damaging buildings, and closing oil and gas operations. [Reuters]• The police in Japan arrested a U.S. tourist for the murder of a Japanese woman he met on a dating app. The man admitted to dismembering the woman and scattering her body parts in rural areas, the police said. [Kyodo]• In Australia, five people were rescued and thousands of homes in southeast Queensland were without power as intense rain lashed the region. [ABC]• Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, faces intense backlash for a video clip showing a traumatized 6-year-old girl who wept as he kissed her and proclaimed she would be honored if killed in combat. [The New York Times]• King penguins are in hot water. A study projects that more than two-thirds of the species could be threatened, as warming seas force them to swim farther to find food. [The New York Times]• Ng On-yee of Hong Kong became the first Asian woman to reach No. 1 in the World Ladies Billiards and Snooker rankings. [BBC]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Whether you’re finishing winter or heading into it, simple changes can lower your heating bill.• One powerful bit of advice: If it’s not a “100 percent yes,” it’s a “no.”• Change up fish night by pan-roasting salmon with jalapeño.• Move over, Marie Kondo. Japanese self-help has another best-selling queen: Eiko of Osaka, who teaches “bounce yoga.” She knows that you can do the splits in just a month — and that you’ll conquer your insecurities on the way.• A village in Louisiana is fighting for its life. The community of Jean Lafitte is the focus of the first of a three-part special report about the state’s vanishing coast, and the people who live there.• And as he watched Manchester United beat Chelsea, our soccer correspondent wondered whether financial strength was all a club needed to satisfy fans in the YouTube age.The Leaning Tower of Pisa has had its distinctive tilt since shortly after construction began in the 12th century, but it was on this day in 1964 that the Italian government decided things had gone too far.Despite its location in the Piazza dei Miracoli (the Square of Miracles), the tower had become one miracle that needed a little human help to survive.To prevent the loss of a national treasure — and tourism gold mine — the authorities in Italy asked for suggestions on how to correct the tower’s 13- to 14-foot lean from perpendicular.But people had been offering advice long before that.The Times reported in 1972 that, in the previous 60 years, more than 200,000 people had sent letters to the mayor of Pisa with their thoughts on how to save the monument.And previous attempts had gone awry, most notably one from Benito Mussolini in 1934.The Italian dictator decided a leaning tower wasn’t a fitting symbol for his country, so he had holes drilled through the floor and 80 tons of concrete poured into the foundations.It promptly lurched another few inches toward the ground.The tower was finally stabilized in 2001, after an 11-year, $26 million restoration project.Anna Schaverien contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.No respite in Syria’s war, Ukraine’s “Hapsburg Group” and Samsung’s new smartphone. Here’s the news:• Airstrikes continued against a rebel-held suburb of Damascus where more than 500 civilians have been killed in the past week.There were new reports of a suspected chlorine attack, despite a U.N. Security Council resolution on Saturday that called for a 30-day cease-fire.Our correspondents examined two phenomena in the regional turmoil: a Russian effort to repatriate women and children from territory held by the crumbling Islamic State, and a push for gender equality that’s swelling in Kurdish-controlled areas.Separately in Prague, the Czech police arrested a Syrian Kurdish leader. Turkey is seeking his extradition._____• In China, President Xi Jinping’s efforts to extend his rule as leader, perhaps indefinitely, raised fresh fears of a resurgence of strongman politics and of a new era of hostility and repression.For decades, the prevailing belief was engagement with China would make China more like the West. Instead, our correspondents write, China appears to have gone in the opposite direction.Predictably, government censors rushed to block criticism of the decision._____• In the U.S., questions are swirling over whether and when President Trump might answer questions from Robert Mueller, the special counsel. His investigation seems to be racing toward an as-yet-undefined goal, our correspondent writes.New charges accused Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman, of paying off a group of European politicians, nicknamed the Hapsburg Group, to lobby for the pro-Russian government that then controlled Ukraine.(The politicians were not named, but the focus quickly turned on four former statesmen. Here’s a look their reactions.)_____• In Italy, the anti-establishment Five Star Movement is leading in polls in part because of its promise to stand apart from the political elite it considers discredited.But some scandals, including the inflated résumé of Alessia D’Alessandro, above, a candidate in the southern region of Campania, drew criticism that the party was, most damningly, just like other parties.On the political fringes, the violent nationalism that fueled Benito Mussolini’s rise has returned with force. Politically inspired violence, including by anti-fascist activists, has become an almost daily occurrence._____• The 23rd Winter Olympics wrapped up in Pyeongchang, South Korea, with a rousing closing ceremony that included K-pop and a conga line.These Games are likely to be most remembered for the scandal over Russian doping and for the brief unity of the Koreas — an extraordinary diplomatic moment that raised the possibility of renewed international talks with the North.Our colleagues at the Games shared their favorite moments, reminders that such competitions can bring out the best of the human spirit.Here’s the final medal count. (Norwegians fretted that their medals record risks ruining their favorite sports.)• Cryptocurrencies and blockchain were meant to be great equalizers. Instead, women are finding that the gold rush is already stacked against them.• The Weinstein Company said that it would file for bankruptcy. The film studio has been struggling in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations against its co-owner.• Saudi Arabia is making overtures to China and Russia for help in diversifying its oil-dependent economy. At stake is the future of the Saudi welfare state.• Li Shufu, the Chinese businessman who owns the Geely automotive group, has amassed a nearly 10 percent stake, worth $9 billion, in Daimler, the German maker of Mercedes-Benz cars and trucks.• Samsung unveiled its latest Galaxy smartphone at the GSMA World Congress in Barcelona. (It features an upgraded camera.)•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets and a look at what could move them this week.• In Niger, French officials are screening migrants before they take a perilous trip across the Mediterranean. A few get a plane ticket. For everyone else, the message is: Stay home. [The New York Times]• In the U.S., shooting survivors are increasingly pushing for gun control as a growing number of businesses are cutting ties with the National Rifle Association, the country’s chief gun lobby. [The New York Times]• In Britain, Prime Minister Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, will outline this week their visions for economic ties with the E.U. after Brexit. Mr. Corbyn is expected to endorse a customs union. [BBC]• Hungary’s governing party, Fidesz, unexpectedly lost a local government by-election, raising slim hopes for the opposition six weeks before a parliamentary election. [Reuters]• On Sunday, Russia’s divided opposition groups united to mourn the third anniversary of the death of Boris Nemtsov, the outspoken Kremlin critic who was killed in 2015. [The Moscow Times]• Measles cases quadrupled in Europe last year, and at least 35 children died of the highly infectious disease amid persisting anti-vaccine movements. [The New York Times]• A bitter cold is descending on Europe this week. Expect some of the coldest temperatures in years in affected areas. [Bloomberg]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Traveling? Here are some simple tips to get by if you don’t know the language.• You can weather a turbulent stock market.• Try a meatless meal of Sri Lankan dal with coconut and lime kale.• More fraternité than égalité: Out of the 57 restaurants newly honored in France’s latest Guide Michelin, only two have female chefs, raising calls for a reckoning.• Sridevi Kapoor, Bollywood’s first female superstar, has died at 54. She was one of the few actresses in India whoheadlined films without a man in a leading role.• The Romanian film “Touch Me Not” unexpectedly won the top prize at this year’s Berlin Film Festival. It had not been considered a front-runner, partly because of the frankness of some of its sex scenes.• As he watched Manchester United beat Chelsea, our soccer correspondent wondered whether financial strength was all a club needed to satisfy fans in the YouTube age.• And check out your fellow readers’ answers to the question, What are you most proud of? (Even some of our journalists piled in.)“Was it really that bad?”That’s what Arthur Bicknell asked years after his play, a mystery-farce called “Moose Murders,” opened and closed on the same night this month in 1983 — setting a punishing new standard for Broadway flops.“The simple answer,” he conceded to The Times, “is yes.”Reviews at the time were brutal. Brendan Gill of The New Yorker said it “would insult the intelligence of an audience consisting entirely of amoebas.” Dennis Cunningham of CBS advised, “If your name is Arthur Bicknell, change it.” (In one account, a woman leaving the theater shouted to a police officer, “Arrest this play!”)Here’s the Times review by Frank Rich, who years later would call it “the worst play I’ve ever seen on a Broadway stage.”In the years since its ill-fated Feb. 22 debut, “Moose Murders” has gained notoriety, if not respect. In 2011, Mr. Bicknell published “Moose Murdered: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love My Broadway Bomb.”)In fact, there have been “revivals” of “Moose Murders” around the world — and at least one comical twist. In 2007, the Repertory Philippines misidentified the author of the play in its posters and playbills around Manila. Instead of Mr. Bicknell, it credited The Times’s critic, Mr. Rich.Charles McDermid contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• The Communist Party has proposed revising China’s Constitution to abolish term limits on the presidency, a move that could allow President Xi Jinping to remain in office indefinitely.It is the boldest move yet by Mr. Xi, who is seeking to strengthen the party’s control and to restore China as a global leader.The Constitution limits Mr. Xi, who became president in 2013, to two five-year terms. We looked at how he came to power.• Government censors rushed to block criticism of the plan, which renewed fears of strongman politics.• Students and parents returned to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., on Sunday for the first time since the mass shooting there that killed 17.“It’s like the first day of school,” one student said, “but it’s not normal at all.”Lawmakers on Capitol Hill are also back, after a weeklong recess. They face intense pressure to act on gun control, but, as our reporters note, “If the past is prologue, Congress will do nothing.”• Sheriff Scott Israel defended his “amazing leadership” as questions mounted over his department’s response. At least one deputy failed to enter the school while the shooting was in progress.The Supreme Court today rejected a Trump administration request to hear a case on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program even before an appeals court had ruled on it.The program shields from deportation roughly 700,000 people who were brought to the U.S. as children and allows them to work.In September, the  administration announced that it would shut down the program on March 5. But two federal judges ordered major pieces of the program to be maintained while legal challenges move forward.• A House panel released a redacted memo over the weekend that counters Republican claims of abuses by the F.B.I. and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation. Read the memo here.President Trump blocked the release of the Democratic memo two weeks ago, citing national security concerns.• Here are  five takeaways from the document, which details what the Democrats say were inaccurate claims and omissions in an earlier Republican memo.• The Winter Games closed in Pyeongchang, South Korea, and the question is now whether signs of a thaw between the two Koreas will last.The South’s president, Moon Jae-in, said today that, while the U.S. and North Korea have indicated a willingness for talks,  they need to soften their stances.We have highlights and photographs from the closing ceremony, and our Olympics team reflected on their favorite moments from the past two weeks.• The U.S. finished with 23 medals, nine of them gold. Here’s the full count.• The Weinstein Company will file for bankruptcy after talks about a sale collapsed. The film and TV studio has been struggling since a wave of accusations of sexual misconduct against Harvey Weinstein, a co-owner.• The Supreme Court is to hear a case today that could affect public-sector unions. At issue is whether government employees must pay unions for representing them in collective bargaining.• Balking at “blockchain bros”: Women who have been trying to join the gold rush of virtual currencies are finding a gender divide.• A new round of talks on the North American Free Trade Agreement is among the headlines to watch this week.• U.S. stocks were up on Friday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Traveling? Here are simple tips to get by if you don’t know the language.• You can weather a turbulent stock market.• Try a meatless meal of Sri Lankan dal with coconut and lime kale.• A new U.N. resolution demanding a cease-fire across Syria appeared to have little effect, as government forces attacked a rebel-held enclave near the capital, Damascus. There were reports on Sunday of a suspected chlorine attack.• After  the deadly school shooting in Florida, a number of companies announced plans to cut ties with the National Rifle Association, ending discount programs for the group’s members.• The authorities in Atlanta announced a $10,000 reward for information about a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention employee who disappeared two weeks ago.• Warren Buffett said in his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders that it had recorded more than $29 billion in gains from the tax overhaul in December.• “Black Panther” may soon join the $1 billion club. The Marvel superhero movie has earned more than $700 million in global ticket sales in 12 days.• Fortified, but still in perilIn the years after Hurricane Katrina, more than 350 miles — and $20 billion — of levees, flood walls, gates and pumps were built to encircle New Orleans. Experts say it’s not enough.The article is part of a special report about the ecological crisis facing Louisiana’s coast, the product of a partnership between The Times and NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune of New Orleans.For more coverage of climate change, sign up for our newsletter, Climate Fwd:.• Hoping to head off would-be migrantsFrance has set up an outpost in Niger to  screen those seeking asylum.But very few are actually approved, which sends a message to others thinking of migrating: Stay home.• Quotation of the day“Xi Jinping is susceptible to making big mistakes because there are now almost no checks or balances. Essentially, he has become emperor for life.”— Willy Lam, the author of a 2015 biography of Mr. Xi, on China’s moves to abolish presidential term limits.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.“Was it really that bad?”That’s what Arthur Bicknell asked years after his play, a mystery farce called “Moose Murders,” opened and closed on the same night this month in 1983 — setting a punishing new standard for Broadway flops.“The simple answer,” he conceded to The Times, “is yes.”Reviews  were brutal. Brendan Gill of The New Yorker said it “would insult the intelligence of an audience consisting entirely of amoebas.” Dennis Cunningham of CBS advised, “If your name is Arthur Bicknell, change it.” (In one account, a woman leaving the theater shouted to a police officer, “Arrest this play!”)Here’s the Times review by Frank Rich, who years later would call it “the worst play I’ve ever seen on a Broadway stage.”In the years since its ill-fated debut, “Moose Murders” has gained notoriety, if not respect. In 2011, Mr. Bicknell published “Moose Murdered: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love My Broadway Bomb.”)In fact, there have been revivals of “Moose Murders” around the world — and at least one comical twist. In 2007, the Repertory Philippines misidentified the author of the play in posters around Manila. Instead of Mr. Bicknell, it credited The Times’s critic, Mr. Rich.Charles McDermid contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — The currency they were after was virtual, but the guns they carried were anything but.In the beach resort of Phuket, Thailand, last month, the assailants pushed their victim, a young Russian man, into his apartment and kept him there, blindfolded, until he logged onto his computer and transferred about $100,000 worth of Bitcoin to an online wallet they controlled.A few weeks before that, the head of a Bitcoin exchange in Ukraine was taken hostage and only released after the company paid a ransom of $1 million in Bitcoin.In New York City, a man was held captive by a friend until he transferred over $1.8 million worth of Ether, a virtual currency second in value only to Bitcoin.The rich have always feared robbery and extortion. Now, big holders of Bitcoin and its brethren have become alluring marks for criminals, especially since the prices of virtual currencies entered the stratosphere last year.Virtual currencies can be easily transferred to an anonymous address set up by a criminal. While banks can stop or reverse large electronic transactions made under duress, there is no Bitcoin bank to halt or take back a transfer, making the chances of a successful armed holdup frighteningly enticing.Thieves have taken advantage of this system in a startling number of recent cases, from Russia, Ukraine and Turkey to Canada, the United States and Britain.“This is now becoming more pervasive and touching more law enforcement divisions that deal with organized crime and violent crime on a local level,” said Jonathan Levin, the founder of Chainalysis, which has worked with several law enforcement agencies on virtual currency crimes.Mr. Levin’s company specializes in tracking criminal transactions on the blockchain, the computerized ledger where every Bitcoin transaction is publicly recorded.Chainalysis has helped police attempt to track down criminals in several recent cases, including some that have not been made public, according to Mr. Levin.But even when a transaction can be tracked, the design of Bitcoin means that criminals do not have to associate their identity with their Bitcoin address — as is necessary with most traditional bank accounts. That has stymied police in several cases.“For this, the advantage of Bitcoin is that it’s hard to verify,” said Chanut Hongsitthichaikul, an investigator with the Chalong Police Station, which investigated the case in Phuket. “We asked the victim how to track it since they know Bitcoin better than us. We asked them how to check the receiver. They said there is no way. It is hard to do.”The Thai police tracked the victim’s laptop, which was also stolen, to Kuala Lumpur. That’s where the trail went cold.While the recent crime wave has brought a new level of violence, virtual currency holders have been targets for several years. Criminals have been staging a long-running campaign to remotely hijack the cellphone numbers of prominent virtual currency holders in order to gain control of their digital wallets.A few years ago, some of Bitcoin’s earliest proponents had SWAT teams called to their homes by people who demanded big Bitcoin payments to stop the harassment — a tactic called “SWATing” in some online communities.There have also been many documented holdups around the world at in-person meetings where people were looking to convert cash into virtual currency, including one last year in Palm Beach, Fla., where the thief made off with $28,000 before being arrested.But criminals have grown much more brazen as the price of Bitcoin has spiked.The most audacious attack hit Exmo, the virtual currency exchange in Ukraine. The chief executive of the exchange, Pavel Lerner, was abducted the day after Christmas and freed a few days later after the company made a ransom payment of Bitcoin worth around $1 million.A spokeswoman for Exmo said the money came from Mr. Lerner’s personal funds. Mr. Lerner was on leave from the company but would return.A month earlier, a Turkish businessman was forced to hand over the passwords to his virtual currency wallets — containing nearly $3 million worth of Bitcoin — after having his car stopped by an armed gang in Istanbul that appeared to know about his Bitcoin holdings, according to local news reports.Many big virtual currency holders privately say that they will no longer travel to Russia, Turkey or other countries where they assume that attacks may be easier to pull off because of organized crime.But armed attackers have also hit a Canadian Bitcoin exchange in Ottawa, the Ether investor in New York City and a prominent virtual currency trader living near Oxford, England.In a number of cases, the assailants have been caught — and forced to return money — because of video footage. In other cases, the criminals are still at large.The unsolved crimes have sown fear among the ranks of the so-called crypto rich, which have grown considerably over the past year.At a conference for about 170 leaders in the virtual currency industry this month, there was a panel discussion about how to deal with the threat of robbery, extortion and kidnappings in which the criminals seek Bitcoin or other virtual currencies.Organizers of the conference, known as the Satoshi Roundtable and held near Cancun, Mexico, brought in a security force and instituted significant privacy measures for guests to protect them from criminals while they were in attendance.During the group discussion at the conference, attendees talked about having a “duress wallet” at home that can be handed over to throw an assailant off the trail of a bigger fortune, as well as several other security measures that can be used to deal with the threat.Most of the crypto rich are loath to speak publicly about the risk of physical attacks, for fear of making themselves targets.But Jameson Lopp, a longtime Bitcoin engineer and virtual currency holder, said the community should be proactive in confronting the threat, to let criminals know that people are taking steps to protect themselves.Last summer, someone called a SWAT team to Mr. Lopp’s house to harass him. Since then, Mr. Lopp has installed closed-circuit cameras around his property and posted photos on Twitter of the automatic weapon he has at home.In a more technical defensive measure, Mr. Lopp has long kept his virtual currency in so-called multisignature wallets created by the company he works for, BitGo. These wallets require multiple people to sign off on a transaction before the money can move.Mr. Lopp will go even further later this year when he, his girlfriend and his dog move to a new home. He plans to “go dark” — not providing the address to anyone and using a post office box for deliveries. But he said even that will not fully banish his concerns.“If you are rich and you own real estate, or stocks or a sports team, somebody can’t mug you and take your sports team away,” he said. “Having liquid crypto assets makes you much more attractive for that type of criminal attack.”Mr. Levin said programmers are working to develop methods of signing virtual currency transactions that can quietly alert the authorities that a transaction is being made under duress — something like the hidden button under the bank teller’s desk.But he said the most obvious way to thwart attackers is with wallets that require multiple signatures, and with less public discussion about owning virtual currencies.Mr. Lopp said it is important to publicize the many ways in which virtual currency holders can fend off assailants so that criminals reconsider the likelihood of a successful attack.“We’re in the very early days of this becoming a problem,” Mr. Lopp said. “The attackers are still trying to figure out what the risk-reward really is.” Good Monday. Here’s what we’re watching:• We’ve been parsing Warren Buffett’s annual letter to shareholders.• Stock investors beware: Inflation could soon jump.• Broadcom moves closer to striking a deal with Qualcomm, but the two remain far apart on price.• The Weinstein Company will file for bankruptcy.• Fidelity is rethinking its stock-picker system.• Businesses are reconsidering their relationships with the gun industry.• United Parcel Service has sued the European Commission after it blocked a 2013 deal for the Dutch delivery company TNT Express, which was later bought by its shipping rival FedEx.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.Warren Buffett's annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders, released on Saturday, showed that the company had substantially increased its holdings of Apple stock.The wager has done pretty well already. Berkshire Hathaway started gobbling up Apple stock just over a year ago. At the end of last year, its Apple position had a market value of $28.2 billion, according to the letter. The position cost Berkshire $21 billion, the letter said, which suggests a gain of $7.2 billion, or over 30 percent. The bet also outperformed a soaring stock market. In the past 12 months, Apple stock is up 31 percent, versus 17 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index.What do the numbers say now? Apple, by some metrics, looks cheap. Its price-to-earnings ratio, a valuation yardstick that compares a company’s per-share profits to its stock price, is 15.5 times forecasted earnings for 2018. Facebook’s stock is at 26 times, Google is at 27 times, and Amazon is at a dizzying 184 times. Apple’s ratio is even smaller than the overall market’s. The bullish theory: Apple’s stock price will keep rising as investors come to see that it is undervalued.But shouldn’t investors have realized this years ago? Apple, after all, is a famous company, and investors have long been aware of its fat profit margins, its grip on consumers and its ability to generate billions of dollars of cash flow. But Apple is unimpressive in a way that often worries investors: It is a slower growing company. Google, Facebook and Amazon are all expected to increase their sales at a significantly faster clip than the 10 percent that Apple achieved in 2017.It would take a large number of additional iPhone sales, at higher prices, for Apple to have the sales growth of Google. And for premium priced products in a saturated market, generating higher sales can be tough, as weak demand for Apple’s iPhone X shows.Could investors become more bullish? It’s hard to know exactly why investors become willing to pay a lot more for certain companies. Amazon’s share price is up over 160 percent over the past two years, a period when business was strong, but not markedly stronger than investors expected. Sometimes the herd just changes its mind. And there are plenty of ways in which Apple excels. Speaking to CNBC on Monday, Mr. Buffett enthused about one. Once consumers own, say, an iPhone, they have a tendency to stay loyal to Apple products. “You are very, very, very locked in, at least psychologically and mentally, to the product you are using,” he said.— Peter EavisWith the stock market regaining much of the ground it lost after its steep sell-off earlier this month, it might seem like investors are done worrying about higher inflation.They may want to keep fretting, though.James W. Paulsen, a stock market strategist at the Leuthold Group, put out some new research on Monday that suggests that the inflation rate, 2.1 percent in January, could move a lot higher in coming months. Economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York calculate a metric that draws on both economic and financial data to try and assess the amount of inflation that is brewing in the economy. One version of the New York Fed’s “underlying inflation gauge” rose by 3 percent in January. Mr. Paulsen took historical data for this yardstick and found that, in the past, it was quite a good predictor of actual inflation. “Although not perfect and while the lead/lag relationship varies over time, the underlying inflation gauge has done a good job of forecasting future movements in the core inflation rate during the next 18 months,” he wrote. If this relationship holds up, inflation could be 2.6 percent by the end of this year, and 3 percent by the middle of 2019, Mr. Paulsen wrote. Of course, the relationship might break down in the near future.Higher inflation would lead to higher bond yields (bond investors require a larger payout to protect themselves against inflation.) In turn, the higher bond yields would make stocks look more expensive (why pay up for stocks when bond payments are increasing in value?) As a result, stocks could sell off, if the yields on bellwether bonds like the 10-year Treasury note keeps spiking.On Monday, the 10-year Treasury yield dipped to 2.86 percent, from 2.87 percent on Friday. Stocks moved higher. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index closed up 1.2 percent and is now just 3.2 percent off the high it reached just before its plunge at the start of this month.— Peter EavisBut the two remain far apart on price.On Monday, Qualcomm’s board in a letter to Hock Tan, Broadcom’s chief executive, said the two sides have made progress addressing Qualcomm’s regulatory concerns and proposed the two companies hold a meeting that focuses on negotiating the price.From the statement accompanying the letter:ButSo what price is Qualcomm pushing for? The FT reports that “Qualcomm is insisting that Broadcom raises its offer by at least 15 percent to above $90 per share, up from its current $79 per share bid.”Republican politicians in Georgia, where Delta Air Lines is headquartered, are hitting back at the company, reports Leslie Josephs of CNBC.Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle tweeted:Rick Jeffares, a candidate for lieutenant governor and former Georgia state senator, weighed in with:Writes Ms. Josephs:He certainly sees the need.In his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders, Mr. Buffett said:But will he have the opportunity?Mr. Buffett bemoaned the sky-high purchase prices that “proved a barrier to virtually all deals we reviewed in 2017.”Critics’ corner• Tara Lachapelle of Bloomberg Gadfly writes: “The best way Buffett can solidify his legacy is by returning to the M&A market with the same force and determination he’s always shown. He may need to pay more than he wants to, but what’s a little extra to Berkshire in the long run?”• Mr. Buffett is on the wrong side of a generational shift, writes John Foley in Breakingviews. In contrast, BlackRock and Vanguard have waded in and called for companies to do good. That attitude is already baked into the Buffett view, Mr. Foley writes, “But notions of what’s now referred to as ESG — environmental, social and governance factors — are otherwise fuzzy in Berkshire’s universe.”Other highlights from the letter• Berkshire’s windfall of $29.6 billion from the U.S. tax overhaul was only slightly offset by $1.4 billion of tax payments on repatriated earnings. Mr. Buffett did not expand on his recent criticisms of tax cuts. Read more about what he did focus on here.• Mr. Buffett railed against a new accounting rule that will affect future quarterly and annual reports. The change requires companies to include in earnings the gains and losses on stocks they hold but have not sold. Because Berkshire holds $170 billion of stocks, the impact on Berkshire’s bottom line could be significant.Peter Eavis of The Times notes:RelatedMichael Kives, a longtime Hollywood agent at Creative Artists Agency who has consulted and represented Mr. Buffett — as well as Mikhail Gorbachev, Katy Perry and Jessica Alba, among others — is striking out on his own with a new firm, K5. It will provide advisory services for companies “across media, sports, technology, finance, politics, and a variety of other industries,” according to an announcement expected to go out later today.United Parcel Service has sued European antitrust regulators for a decision they made five years ago that blocked its takeover of the Dutch delivery company TNT Express, according to a record of court proceedings published on Monday.U.P.S. had pursued the TNT merger in the hope of gaining a larger presence in Europe and in emerging markets, but European officials rejected it because of concerns that the transaction would decrease competition and increase prices.The General Court of the European Union annulled the decision by European Commission regulators last year, in part because the commission had used different economic models at different times to evaluate the deal. The commission, the executive arm of the European Union, has appealed that ruling to Europe’s highest court.Facing a deadline to seek damages, U.P.S. filed a claim in December seeking 1.74 billion euros, or about $2.14 billion, plus interest, according to a notice published on Monday. U.P.S. is also seeking court costs and compensation for any taxes it may have to pay on the damage amount.U.P.S. agreed to acquire TNT in a transaction valued at $6.8 billion in March 2012, but European regulators said they would block the deal because they were worried that a merger would effectively leave the Continent’s shipping market with just two main players: U.P.S. and DHL. U.P.S. withdrew its offer in January 2013.A shipping rival, FedEx Corporation, agreed to acquire TNT in a $4.8 billion deal in 2015, completing the deal after receiving approval from European regulators the next year.— Chad BrayTalks about a sale to a group led by Maria Contreras-Sweet have collapsed. The group had offered to pay about $275 million for the company, plus the assumption of $225 million in debt.The Weinstein board blamed Ms. Contreras-Sweet and one of her primary backers, Ron Burkle.“Late last night, you returned to us an incomplete document that unfortunately does not keep your promises,” it said in a letter. “That is regrettable, but not in our power to change.”The board, which includes Bob Weinstein, accused Ms. Contreras-Sweet’s team of failing to provide funding to keep the studio operating while the deal was completed and said she had proposed new sale conditions that meant the transaction would take much longer to close.The mutual fund giant is considering abandoning the investment process that made its managers famous, unnamed sources told the WSJ.The context The change comes after an outside review of behavior within the stock-picking unit and reports of sexual harassment allegations.More from the WSJ’s Sarah Krouse and Kirsten Grind:Blackstone asked outside fund managers to detail their ownership in companies that make or sell guns by Sunday evening, according to unnamed sources that spoke to the WSJ.Bank of America said it was examining its relationship with the weapons industry, too.And Best Western, Delta Air Lines, MetLife, Symantec and United Airlines joined the ranks of companies cutting ties to the N.R.A. Here’s the list of companies that have distanced themselves so far.The response to the Florida school shooting has happened faster than after previous mass attacks, partly because the survivors are teenagers well versed in the power of social media, The NYT’s Julie Creswell and Tiffany Hsu report.What does this mean for corporate social responsibility?• Mike Allen of Axios: “Be it guns or global warming, a fascinating trend is unfolding in the Trump era: Corporations, under intense social pressure, are filling a void left by governmental gridlock or avoidance.”• Brooke Masters of The FT: “Wading into America’s fundamental divide on gun rights, even in the wake of a tragic school shooting, was probably not the way most chief executives expected to respond to the new enthusiasm for corporate social responsibility. There are big risks involved.”More on gun control• Lawmakers return to Washington today under pressure to break the decades-long inertia on the issue. (NYT)• Thousands turned up for a gun show in Tampa, Fla. One seller of body armor said most of his sales had been to teachers, school administrators and “parents who are scared to death.” (NYT)The rush by Republicans in Congress to overhaul U.S. tax law before the end of last year has complicated planning for individual taxpayers.And things could grow more uncertain as fights are expected over the changes, The NYT’s Jim Tankersley reports.Here’s Jeffrey C. LeSage, vice chairman for the Americas of KPMG’s tax practice:The Washington flyaround • President Trump’s legal team is examining potential routes to provide testimony to the special counsel, including giving written answers to his questions, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• The House Intelligence Committee has released a redacted Democratic memo rebutting claims by Republicans that top officials at the Justice Department and the F.B.I. abused their power in the Russia investigation. (NYT)The Chinese Communist Party announced that it intended to abolish term limits on the presidency.The move has injected new uncertainty into international politics, NYT’s Jane Perlez and Javier Hernández report.The plan could also exacerbate a tense relationship between Beijing and Washington, which is preparing plans to impose tariffs on Chinese imports and to limit Chinese investments in the U.S.Critics’ corner• Christopher Beddor of Breakingviews: “Opaque as it is, international companies and investment firms had grown accustomed to the rules of the Chinese political game as it has been played for two decades. It is rapidly evolving into something new. They should not brush this aside as mere politics.”The China flyaround • Li Shufu, the Chinese businessman who owns the Geely group, acquired a $9 billion stake in Daimler, which makes Mercedes-Benz cars and trucks. Forging ties with Daimler could be tough for Geely, writes Jeffrey Goldfarb of Breakingviews. And the money would have been far better spent on organic growth, Bloomberg Gadfly’s David Fickling argues.• Regulators in control of Anbang indicated that they intend to hold onto the Waldorf Astoria, unnamed sources told the WSJ. But they are listening to offers for other hotels in Anbang’s portfolio.• The challenge for those regulators: They must avoid a fire sale and contagion that could hit healthier financial institutions.• China’s crackdown on outbound deals and heavy debt loads is colliding with pushback from American authorities citing national security concerns. The road from China to the U.S. appears to be largely closed for now, writes Brooke Sutherland of Bloomberg Gadfly.• Tech leaders are envisioning a reinvention of the city. (NYT)• Researchers and technology firms are looking at social media and smartphone use to see if the data reveal changes in physical and mental health. (NYT)• Apple will start storing encryption keys for some iCloud customers in China, raising concerns with some privacy experts. (WSJ)• In the push for self-driving cars, a variety of technology and automotive companies are pursuing efforts to create mapping systems, hoping to beat Google to the punch. (Bloomberg)• Facebook and Google are struggling to contain posts falsely claiming that some survivors of the Florida school shooting were paid actors. (NYT)• Russian spies hacked computers at the 2018 Winter Olympics and tried to make it appear that the intrusion was by North Korea, according to unnamed U.S. officials. (Washington Post)That’s Arianna Simpson, one of the relatively few women who were early cryptocurrency investors.The world of virtual currencies and blockchain has been dominated by men, but female investors and entrepreneurs are trying to change that.• McKinsey has elected Kevin Sneader, the firm’s Asia-Pacific chairman, to lead the consultancy. (FT)• Marianne Lake, JPMorgan’s chief financial officer, has emerged as a contender to succeed Jamie Dimon. (WSJ)• TCI Fund Management, run by the investor Christopher Hohn, and TPG-Axon Management have sued funds managed by the private-equity company IREO over a big Indian real estate bet that has failed to see much of the capital invested returned more than a decade later. (Barron’s)• Deutsche Bank plans to sell a minority stake in its asset management business as part of an initial public offering next month. (Bloomberg)• Saudi Arabia is making overtures to China and Russia for help in diversifying its oil-dependent economy. At stake is the Saudi Aramco public offering and the future of the kingdom’s economic overhaul. (NYT)• Qualcomm said it believed it had made progress in takeover talks with its suitor Broadcom regarding regulatory and other issues. Qualcomm also urged Broadcom to negotiate further over the price of the deal, after having called previous offers an undervaluation. (Reuters)• Investors are borrowing a record amount to buy stocks, which could lead to more volatile financial markets, analysts say. (WSJ)• Volkswagen’s U.S. business has agreed to settle a lawsuit brought by more than 300 diesel vehicle owners over the carmaker’s emissions scandal. (Reuters)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.