“No means no” began to give way to “yes means yes” as the credo of sexual consent decades ago, but the shift has been swiftly propelled in recent years by legislation and, most recently, by the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements.The concept of affirmative consent — the act of giving verbal permission clearly and often during intimate encounters — was pioneered at Antioch College, where an affirmative sexual consent policy was instituted in 1990. It was widely mocked then, but similar policies have since spread to campuses nationwide, and today, the concept is acknowledged well beyond university grounds.Now, apps aiming to help partners mitigate confusion in the bedroom have emerged, the newest of which approaches consent like a legal contract. LegalFling, which was introduced to users in beta on Monday, lets users give explicit sexual consent via an agreement, or a “live contract,” a dynamic document that users can continuously interact with and update.And yes, these agreements could hold up in court, said Andrew D. Cherkasky, a former special victims prosecutor who now handles dozens of felony-level sexual assault cases each year as a criminal defense attorney. He emphasized, however, that what LegalFling offers are not technically contracts, but documentations of intent, which are legally viable.LegalFling aims to make the sexual dos and don’ts explicit in a “fun and clear way,” according to its website.Condom use, bondage, dirty talk, sexting: the app lets users set their boundaries before an encounter — boundaries that can be adjusted at any time with a tap and shared with a potential partner. (Sound familiar? Netflix’s twisted-tech series “Black Mirror” incorporated a similar transaction in its episode “Hang the DJ.”)“A profile update is an event we store on the blockchain and will subsequently update the live contract,” Rick Schmitz, a co-creator of LegalFling, recently said. The transaction is encrypted, timestamped and stored. (A blockchain is a collection of digital transactions that are registered in a sequence of “blocks” of data.)Will these apps revolutionize sex? Not likely. As complex human beings with ever-changing desires, we may not fit so neatly into click-and-consent existence portrayed in that “Black Mirror” episode, or envisioned by the app developers. But they are making steps toward addressing a problem that needs solving.Dr. Michelle Drouin, a leading expert on technology and relationships, said the apps are good at documenting consent, but don’t account much for fluctuating human emotions. They don’t necessarily allow for any immediacy of one’s feelings, she said.Use of the app “has to be planned,” she said, “and it’s really difficult for us to even know how we feel in the present moment, much less trying to anticipate how we might feel an hour from now.”Mr. Schmitz said that a LegalFling agreement does not override someone changing his or her mind in the moment or being too intoxicated, for example, to consent. The company suggests you withdraw consent via the app at that moment, but, of course, that’s not always possible.If encounters leave users feeling violated, Mr. Schmitz said, they should notify the aggressor afterward in a message, and it will be added to the record.Also possible with a tap: triggering cease-and-desist letters, according to the website.The creators of LegalFling, part of the blockchain company LegalThings, which digitized regulation for the Dutch government, said they decided to apply their technology to sexual consent when, in December, Sweden proposed a law that would require people to get explicit verbal consent before sexual contact.But Dr. Drouin is not sold on apps as a solution to a very human problem. The requirement to interact with an app during a sexual encounter is “completely unrealistic,” she said.“It would be very awkward within the context of an intimate encounter to be like, ‘Wait a second, I’m changing my mind on the app and also with you,’” she said.More important, she said, the app could persuade someone to fulfill acts simply because they agreed to them in advance, or to overcommit in an effort to appear more sexually adventurous.These digital agreements could certainly be used as evidence of, at the time the button was pushed, what an individual’s intent or desires were, according to Mr. Cherkasky. “We already see it all the time in social media or text messages,” he said, adding that they would most likely be legally viable in cases globally, as well.But these agreements do have the potential to be used as a means of protection to an aggressor, he said, especially by a violent and premeditating criminal. It’s very common in domestic violence cases for an attacker to have a “great deal of power over the person and force them to do a number of things,” he said.Even implying that someone doesn’t have the right to change their mind is a real risk, he said. Though the risk also exists for an accused person, who may have fully gotten consent in the moment even if “the box wasn’t checked.”“It turns consent into a joke, a technicality that people think is black and white or can be recorded in a moment of time,” he said.But technology is reflecting a cultural shift in respecting and understanding the idea of consent, he said.Dr. Drouin agreed: People are now communicating about these incidents in ways that are recordable and admissible in court, she said. “It’s no longer ‘he said, she said.’”While LegalFling is the newest app hoping to address the rising tide of consent awareness, it’s not the first. We-Consent, introduced in 2015 by the nonprofit Institute for the Study of Coherence and Emergence, was created for students on college campuses to help them adhere to the implementation of affirmative consent rules.In 2014, California became the first state to require colleges to use affirmative consent as the standard in disciplinary decisions, which inspired the creation of We-Consent, said Michael Lissack, director of the institute.We-Consent records a short video of two people stating their affirmative consent, according to the company, and uses facial recognition technology. That recording is encrypted and inaccessible without a legal petition.There are over 100,000 encrypted files, Mr. Lissack said, but the institute has had only two requests ever to retrieve the videos. In both instances — before We-Consent turned in the videos — the fact that they were available spurred the cases to settle, Mr. Lissack said.“From Day 1, the purpose of the app was to get people who are about do something to discuss what they’re going to do with one another,” he said.Consent can happen only from discussion, he said, “not from sending emoji back and forth, nodding your head or signing some weird legal agreement.”The room was full of stressed-out cryptocurrency traders. And for once, they weren’t nervous about the price of Bitcoin, or the roller coaster swings of the virtual currency markets.No, the subject of this gloomy affair was taxes. Specifically, how — and whether — to pay them.With this year’s April 17 tax filing deadline fast approaching, many virtual currency traders are sweating over their tax returns. They’re confused by the complicated rules, many of them stemming from guidelines issued by the I.R.S. in 2014, governing the taxation of virtual currencies. They’re afraid that the windfall profits created by last year’s cryptocurrency boom, which sent currencies like Bitcoin and Ether skyrocketing and created a new class of crypto-millionaires, have left them with huge tax bills. And, of course, they’re worried about drawing the eye of the Internal Revenue Service.“I’ve lost sleep over it,” said Shaun, a trader who said he was still figuring out how to properly account for last year’s cryptocurrency profits on his taxes. Shaun, who asked that his last name not be used because he has been audited in the past, said he was scared that increased scrutiny of the cryptocurrency market could lead the I.R.S. to pay special attention to cases like his.“I don’t want to be made an example of,” he said.This gathering, which took place last week in Manhattan and was organized by Blockmatics, a research and education company, featured three accountants who specialize in cryptocurrency tax preparation. For an hour, the audience peppered them with tax-prep questions that ranged from common (Do I have to pay taxes on Bitcoin if I haven’t sold yet?) to esoteric (If my Bitcoin wallet got hacked and all my coins got stolen, can I deduct my losses?). By the end of the hour, there seemed to be many more questions than answers.“It’s complicated as heck,” said Mike Schreibman, an I.T. consultant who attended. Mr. Schreibman pulled out his phone to show me a dashboard of all the cryptocurrencies he trades, and said that he was considering filing an extension to buy himself more time for analysis.“Nobody knows what’s going to happen,” said Jeanne Lowdermilk, a lawyer who trades cryptocurrencies. “But the I.R.S. is the one agency you don’t want to mess with.”Taxes have become an increasingly divisive topic among cryptocurrency fans. On Reddit forums devoted to cryptocurrency trading, some users exchange tips for dodging their tax obligations, including a method of hiding their assets by converting them into “privacy coins,” such as Monero, which are designed to be opaque and untraceable. They argue about whether the I.R.S. could use the blockchain, the digital ledger that records all Bitcoin transactions, to identify tax evaders in the future. And they ask for tax advice on complex situations, such as fly-by-night cryptocurrency exchanges that vanish suddenly, erasing the records of users’ transactions.Cryptocurrencies are tax-unfriendly by design. Many of the early adopters of Bitcoin were libertarians and anarchists who were drawn to the technology’s stateless, decentralized nature. And while cryptocurrency transactions are permanently recorded on the blockchain, it’s possible for users to conceal their identities.Until recently, the I.R.S. showed little desire to go after cryptocurrency income, since there was so little of it. But last year’s boom changed all that. The agency has formed a team of specialists to investigate cryptocurrency-related crimes, including international money laundering and tax evasion. In November, after a yearlong lawsuit, the agency won a judgment that forced Coinbase, the largest American-based cryptocurrency exchange, to turn over account records for more than 14,000 customers. In January, Coinbase sent 1099-K forms to a number of its current users, informing them that their trading proceeds were being reported to the I.R.S. and reminding them to pay the taxes they owed.All of this confusion has created a cottage industry of specialized accountants who can keep traders out of tax trouble. Many of these accountants are cryptocurrency fans themselves, and they are more likely than your average C.P.A. to understand concepts like airdrops, hard forks and other bits of confusing crypto-jargon.Mario Costanz, the chief executive of the tax preparation firm Happy Tax, told me that an influx of cryptocurrency trading clients had helped his business more than triple in the past year. Last year, Happy Tax opened a separate cryptocurrency division, Crypto Tax Prep, which already has several thousand clients and is the fastest-growing segment of his business.“We’re preparing for a pretty insane last seven to 10 days of the tax season,” Mr. Costanz said.Laura Walter, a Tokyo accountant who goes by Crypto Tax Girl on Twitter, said she had been inundated with requests for help with tax preparation this year.“A lot of crypto investors are younger and don’t have a lot of experience trading stocks,” she said. When they find out they owe taxes on their cryptocurrency trades, she said, “a lot of people are kind of shocked.”Part of what makes paying cryptocurrency taxes so difficult is that current I.R.S. rules treat cryptocurrency as property rather than currency. That means that every time you sell or transfer a digital coin for something else — whether you’re cashing out Ether for dollars, trading Bitcoin for another cryptocurrency or using Ripple to buy a cup of coffee — you’re creating a taxable event that must be separately recorded and accounted for.Complicating matters even more, the timing of last year’s cryptocurrency boom made for some extra tax headaches. The price of Bitcoin rose more than 1,500 percent last year, with most of the gains coming during the last two months of the year. High prices caused many traders to sell Bitcoin in 2017, in order to lock in their profits. But instead of cashing out into dollars, many traders put their 2017 profits into new cryptocurrency investments, most of which have lost money in this year’s market slump. That decline has left some investors short of the funds they need to pay the taxes they owe on last year’s gains.Ms. Walter said she had seen clients with cryptocurrency gains as large as $400,000 who did not withhold taxes during the year and subsequently lost money trading. “Now they’re stuck with these huge tax bills, and they don’t have the capital to pay it.”Faced with such problems, some cryptocurrency traders have decided to avoid the issue entirely, by not declaring any cryptocurrency on their taxes and hoping for the best. According to Credit Karma, which provides tax-filing services, fewer than 100 of the 250,000 people who had used the company’s tax-filing software as of February reported cryptocurrency transactions, a rate below 0.04 percent.Even the people at the cryptocurrency tax event in Manhattan admitted that most of the traders they knew weren’t planning to pay taxes on their crypto-gains.“This is the smallest crypto event I’ve been to,” said Mr. Schreibman, the I.T. consultant. “No one believes they’ll get in trouble.”All the traders at the event said they would do their best to pay their taxes in full. And they looked a little shellshocked, as if they had been rudely yanked out of a thrilling, consequence-free virtual world back into the real one.Peter Baniuszewicz, a cryptocurrency trader from Brooklyn, told me that this year’s tax season had come as a jolt of reality.“It’s not Monopoly money anymore,” he said.TOKYO —  Four years after popular Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox was hacked and went bankrupt, the case still casts a shadow over the regulatory regime put in place to protect Japan's thriving cryptocurrency market.Mark Karpeles, the French founder and former CEO of Mt. Gox, says he hopes to recoup the millions lost by his customers in the heist. That's now a possibility, given the surge in bitcoin's value in recent years to some 10 times its earlier value."What I'm trying to do is to find the best solution," Karpeles said in a recent interview, "because I believe it is my responsibility as CEO of Mt. Gox."Mt. Gox still had about 200,000 bitcoins left in a separate storage location after 850,000 disappeared in 2014. Those holdings are managed by court-appointed trustees who have sold 35,000 bitcoins, raising 44 billion yen ($415 million) in cash to reimburse losses from the exchange's failure. Based on today's prices, the remaining bitcoins are worth far more than the estimated $620 million in earlier losses.The trustees deny claims that sale triggered a recent slight drop in highly volatile bitcoin prices.After Mt. Gox collapsed, Karpeles was detained for months before being released on 10 million yen ($94,000) bail while awaiting the outcome of his trial for embezzlement and data manipulation, charges unrelated to the hack.Mt. Gox was a wakeup call for Japan, though the relatively strong regulatory regime set up after the bitcoin dealer has not prevented further hacks. Earlier this year the Tokyo-based Coincheck exchange reported a 58-billion yen ($547 million) loss of a cryptocurrency called NEM due to suspected hacking.About half the world's bitcoin trading is estimated to be in yen and there are 16 licensed virtual currency exchanges in Japan, where bitcoin owners alone number 2 million to 3 million. That could grow to 10 million this year, said Yuzo Kano, chief executive for BitFlyer, one of Japan's largest licensed cryptocurrency exchanges."Japan is now bitcoin's heart, the country that is at the center of its support," said Kano, who helped the government set up its licensing system and other regulations.Kano heads the Japan Blockchain Association and was recently tapped to head a new organization to beef up regulations, working with the Financial Services Agency.Financial regulators worldwide are scrambling to catch up with the boom in cryptocurrencies and Japan is treading carefully, seeking to minimize risks while maneuvering to attain global leadership and nurture entrepreneurship in the new financial technology.Bitcoin has been a legal form of payment in Japan since April 2017, and a handful of major retailers already accept bitcoin payments.Some governments, such as in China and South Korea, have adopted a more cautious approach, while others, like Switzerland and Canada, are wooing the "miners" whose high-powered computers process the algorithms used to create virtual currency tokens. The U.S. falls somewhere in between.There have been no arrests for the theft at Coincheck, which has acknowledged that it erred in keeping a stash of the digital money in what's known as a "hot wallet," within reach of hackers. Cybersecurity experts say large amounts of virtual currency should be kept offline, in so-called "cold wallets."The exchange is reimbursing losses from that heist and strengthening its security.So far, the cases seem to have done little to discourage Japanese, who have turned to stashing yen at home since banks pay near-zero interest rates, from dabbling in cryptocurrencies.Giant billboards and TV ads sing praise of Bitcoin. The warnings about buying at your own risk come in tiny print. A band called Kasotsuka Shojo, or "virtual currency girls," in stereotypical housemaid outfits, literally sings praise of bitcoins: "Let's go mining. Dig right there. I'm going to make money to pay my utility bill."Karpeles is hoping the arrest in July in Greece of a main suspect in the Mt. Gox theft, Alexander Vinnick, will help vanquish any lingering suspicions that he might have pocketed the missing bitcoins. A California grand jury has indicted Vinnick, a Russian, on allegations he used funds from the Mt. Gox hack for money-laundering, though it's unclear whether he'll be extradited to the U.S. or to Russia.Karpeles is not overly optimistic about tracking down the missing bitcoin.  His lawyers have portrayed the young French man as a convenient scapegoat for Japanese authorities eager to find someone to blame for an embarrassingly massive cybercrime.He denied any intention of embezzling funds. His defense team has argued that the money and data he is alleged to have handled improperly were used for company operations or actually belonged to him.Not permitted to leave Japan while still facing trial, Karpeles works at a couple of technology jobs, such as voice-over-internet-protocol and video-game development. Fluent in Japanese after eight years in the country, he appears on YouTube and on a Japanese online streaming video service, offering advice on cryptocurrencies.He likens how cryptocurrencies work, and the precariousness of their value, to a game of musical chairs — with about 10,000 people around each chair."As long as everyone is dancing, it's fine, but if everyone wants to sit at the same time there won't be enough chairs," he said.____Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyamaA few years ago, I installed a web browser extension that swapped out the word “millennial” any time it appeared on a website in my Chrome browser. In its place? The ridiculous phrase, “Snake People.”Why? Well, why not.The word millennial was being used to describe many different kinds of millennials in many different millennial think pieces. Once I installed the extension, any tendentiously oversaturated sentence would be transformed into something absurdly sublime.The creator of the extension, a designer named Eric Bailey, eventually added other preposterous text-swapping constructions to his software. And so my web browsing experience was peppered not only with mentions of Snake People, but also “Zolom’s Children” (for the emerging Generation Z) and the “Time of Shedding and Cold Rocks.” (for the Great Recession).Harmless fun! An amusing distraction for myself during my time online.Or so I thought.That text-swap functionality about the Great Recession got me in a spot of trouble last week. As many people around the internet noticed, The New York Times had to issue a correction when an errant copy/paste job led to the fictitious “Time of Shedding and Cold Rocks.” appearing in a trade policy article I worked on.Browser extensions, when used properly and sensibly, can make your internet experience more productive and efficient. They can make thesaurus recommendations more accessible, create to-do lists in new tabs, or change the color scheme of web pages to make them more readable.There are thousands available for Chrome (or other browsers like Firefox and Safari) that you can easily download and try. Just click through, follow the directions to install, and a little bit of web code will leave these Easter eggs of joy and efficiency for you to find while you write your emails, read articles, work in Google docs or do anything else within your browser.Unfortunately — if somewhat comically — my use of that extension last week was far from joyful or efficient. But, despite my embarrassment to have distracted from the good work of my colleagues, I still passionately recommend the subversive, web-altering extensions you can find in a category the Chrome Web Store lists as “fun.” These goofy diversions inject subtle, delightful surprises into your browsing experience, breaking up the tedium that sometimes comes with being a deskbound office worker.Visual extensions are among the most popular of this genre. According to the publicly listed statistics in the Google Web Store, 152,000 users have installed the Libdoge extension, which allows you to overlay pictures of dogs on top of web pages as you browse. More than 313,000 users have the TabbyCat extension, which gives you your own interactive digital cat to feed and pet.Befitting the community of code-savvy folks who make extensions, many of these browser add-ons satirize tired technology tropes. For example: You can replace “blockchain” with the phrase “multiple copies of a giant Excel spreadsheet;” or “internet of things” with “wifi enabled toaster;” or the nebulous-sounding “the cloud” with “butts.”Fans of Randall Munroe’s xkcd can install an extension that brings one of his comics to life, turning words commonly found in news articles into slightly more entertaining variations. The benign word “rebuild” becomes “avenge”; the phrase “congressional leaders” morphs into “river spirits.”There are, of course, plenty of political text-replacing extensions. “The Daily Show” created an extension that renders President Trump’s tweets as if they were “a child’s scribble.” Another extension blocks mentions of the name “Hillary Clinton” from appearing on web pages.And if you want to unlock your own creativity, there is also an extension called Word Replacer that allows you to choose and update your own catalog of words and phrases to be swapped in and out.However, a word of caution: If you do install these extensions, please remember the dimensions of the alternate digital reality you’ve created for yourself.Especially when copying and pasting text at work.I don’t need to tell you that something is wrong with social media.You’ve probably experienced it yourself. Maybe it’s the way you feel while scrolling through your Twitter feed — anxious, twitchy, a little world weary — or your unease when you see a child watching YouTube videos, knowing she’s just a few algorithmic nudges away from a rabbit hole filled with lunatic conspiracies and gore. Or maybe it was this month’s Facebook privacy scandal, which reminded you that you’ve entrusted the most intimate parts of your digital life to a profit-maximizing surveillance machine.Our growing discomfort with our largest social platforms is reflected in polls. One recently conducted by Axios and SurveyMonkey found that all three of the major social media companies — Facebook, Twitter and Google, which shares a parent company with YouTube — are significantly less popular with Americans than they were five months ago. (And Americans might be the lucky ones. Outside the United States, social media is fueling real-world violence and empowering autocrats, often with much less oversight.)But it would be a mistake to throw up our hands and assume that it has to be this way. The original dream of social media — producing healthy discussions, unlocking new forms of creativity, connecting people to others with similar interests — shouldn’t be discarded because of the failures of the current market leaders. And lots of important things still happen on even the most flawed networks. The West Virginia teachers’ strike and last weekend’s March for Our Lives, for example, were largely organized on Facebook and Twitter.The primary problem with today’s social networks is that they’re already too big, and are trapped inside a market-based system that forces them to keep growing. Facebook can’t stop monetizing our personal data for the same reason that Starbucks can’t stop selling coffee — it’s the heart of the enterprise.Many of the fixes being proposed involve regulation. The Honest Ads Act, a bill in the Senate, would require greater transparency for online political ads. The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, which goes into effect in May, aims to give users greater control of their digital information trails.But these efforts don’t touch the underlying problems, and in fact could make it harder for start-ups to compete with the giants.If we’re really serious about changing how social networks operate, far more radical interventions are required. Here are three possible ways to rescue social media from the market-based pressures that got us here.In their book “New Power,” which comes out next week, Jeremy Heimans and Henry Timms write about the struggle between centralized, top-down institutions, which represent “old power,” and decentralized, bottom-up movements, which represent “new power.”Facebook, they write, is an example of a new power institution that serves old power interests. It harvests the creative output of billions of people and turns it into a giant, centralized enterprise, with most users sharing none of the economic value they create and getting no say in the platform’s governance.Instead, the authors ask, what if a social network was truly run by its users?“If you’re contributing economic value to something of this much social consequence, you should share in the value you’re creating,” Mr. Heimans told me.Nathan Schneider, a professor of media studies at the University of Colorado, had a similar idea in 2016, when he proposed that Twitter users band together to buy the platform from its shareholders and convert it into a user-run collective, similar to the way a local credit union is run. People who made valuable contributions to the network, such as employees and power users, would receive bigger stakes and more voting power. And users would have a seat at the table for major decisions about the platform’s operations.It’s exceedingly unlikely that Mark Zuckerberg, who has fought hard to keep control of Facebook, will ever convert the company into a user-owned and run collective. But Mr. Schneider believes that giving more control to responsible users could help restore trust in the network, and signal the kind of values Mr. Zuckerberg says he wants Facebook to represent.“He could show that he takes democracy seriously enough to start with his own baby,” Mr. Schneider said.Another radical approach would be to make social networks work more like email — so that independent apps could seamlessly work together with one another, across a common protocol.Instead of one big Facebook, a federated social network would look like clusters of independent nodes — Mombook and Athletebook and Gamerbook — all of which could be plugged into the umbrella network when it made sense. Rather than requiring a one-size-fits-all set of policies that apply to billions of users, these nodes could be designed to reflect users’ priorities. (A network for privacy hawks and one for open-sharing maximalists could have different data-retention rules, and a network for L.G.B.T. users and one for evangelical pastors could have different hate speech rules.) If a node became too toxic, it could be removed without shutting down the entire network.“Email is the most resilient social network on the internet,” Mr. Schneider said, “and the thing that allows it to adapt is that it’s an open protocol, and people build apps on top of it, and we evolve how we use it.”Versions of this kind of network already exist. Mastodon, a decentralized Twitter-like social network, has gotten more than a million registered users since its debut in 2016. And various social networks based on the blockchain — the ledger system that underlies virtual currencies like Bitcoin — have sprung up in recent months.To be sure, decentralized networks have their own problems. They’re messy to administer, and they can still be gamed by bad actors. They can also fall prey to the same kind of privacy issues that Facebook is being criticized for. (In fact, part of the reason users are angry at Facebook right now is that the company’s data infrastructure was too open, and made it overly simple for third-party app developers to take user information outside Facebook.)None of this is a panacea. But experimenting with more decentralized models could give social media users a sense that platforms represented their interests, rather than those of a faceless corporation.A single friend of mine once remarked that the major difference among dating apps like OKCupid, Tinder and Bumble wasn’t the way they were designed or the companies behind them — it was how long they had existed.New apps, she said, were more likely to attract interesting and smart people who were actually looking for dates. Older apps, by contrast, were eventually overrun with creeps and predators, no matter how well built they were.A similar theory might apply to social networks. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and Snapchat all had plenty of issues in their early years, but they were by and large cleaner, with fewer types of exploitation and malicious behavior. Today, the enormous size and influence of these platforms have made them irresistible honey pots for bad actors, and many of our “social graphs” — Facebook’s term for the webs of digital connections we create — are clogged with years’ worth of clutter.In a blog post last year, the venture capitalist Hunter Walk proposed an interesting idea: a legally mandated “start over” button that, when pressed, would allow users of social networks to delete all their data, clear out their feeds and friend lists, and begin with a fresh account.I’d go even further, and suggest that social networks give their users an automatic “self-cleaning” option, which would regularly clear their profiles of apps they no longer used, friendships and followers they no longer interacted with, and data they no longer needed to store. If these tools were enabled, users would need to take affirmative action if they didn’t want their information to disappear after a certain number of months or years.Making social graphs temporary, rather than preserving them forever by default, would undoubtedly be bad for most social networks’ business models. But it could create new and healthy norms around privacy and data hygiene, and it would keep problems from piling up as networks get older and more crowded. It might even recapture some of the magic of the original social networks, when things were fresh and fascinating, and not quite so scary.LONDON —  A growing number of internet companies are banning cryptocurrency advertising, fearing reputational damage if their users are duped or left penniless, even as regulators struggle to get to grips with the fast-emerging industry.Twitter on Tuesday began blocking crypto ads, becoming the latest internet giant to crack down after moves by Alphabet's Google  and Facebook earlier this year.Once restricted to small online chatrooms for early bitcoin backers, cryptocurrencies have since exploded in popularity and the industry has grown rapidly.Huge billboards promoting the latest coin hang over Tokyo's streets, ads touting crypto-trading dot the London underground network, and social media platforms are full of start-ups looking to raise capital through "initial coin offerings" (ICOs), as the selling of new virtual tokens is known.While regulators have stepped up their warnings about the risks to consumers of investing in cryptocurrencies and the potential for scams, in most jurisdictions they are only beginning to discuss publicly how they might regulate the industry, let alone frame advertising rules.Last week, the G20 group of nations failed to agree on specific regulatory action.So companies are taking matters into their own hands."If internet companies were not already under pressure from regulators for their loose control of data privacy, they probably would not ban advertising from cryptos, which are still a gray area for many regulators," said Arnaud Masset, a crypto-currency analyst at Swissquote Bank.Snapchat in February started removing adverts for ICOs - which regulators say lack transparency and are susceptible to fraud - a spokesperson told Reuters.The company declined to comment on whether it would widen the ban to include individual cryptocurrencies, crypto-wallets and unregistered exchanges, as other technology giants have done.LinkedIn is blocking crypto-related ads, a spokesman said, although owner Microsoft does allow adverts on its other platforms.AROUND THE WORLDAcross Asia, where the crypto frenzy is at its most feverish, firms are also restricting advertising.China outlawed cryptocurrency exchanges and ICOs last year. Chinese internet titans Baidu, Tencent, and Weibo followed suit by curbing ads shortly after.While Japan's government and regulators have embraced cryptocurrencies as a phenomenon that is here to stay, sentiment was hit by a $530 million cyber heist of an exchange in January.Prime time TV advertising subsequently fell, billboards on Tokyo's transport network were cut back and online companies are responding with changes to their advertising policies.Line, Japan's most popular social media site and messaging app, does not allow crypto-related advertising. The policy is designed to protect customers and avoid legal risks, it says.The country's financial watchdog, meanwhile, has asked the crypto industry's new self-regulatory body to draw up advertising rules. It has not stipulated what it wants to see but it is likely that Japanese exchanges will not be allowed to mention specific currencies when advertising, while TV promotions for ICOs could be banned altogether, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.A spokesman for Yahoo Japan said the search engine was reviewing its policy in light of the changing environment.Russian search site Yandex said it had not carried crypto ads for "a long time".While online companies are prohibiting ads, there is less evidence that traditional advertising routes are under threat.London's metro system is plastered with advertising promoting crypto-trading. Transport for London did not respond to requests for comment about its policy on advertising.The slump in virtual currency prices this year has not rattled British punters lured in by adverts, however: A spokesman for Britain's Advertising Standards Authority said it had to date received fewer than 10 complaints about crypto ads.LITTLE IMPACTCryptocurrencies, unlike most securities, do not confer ownership in the underlying business, which is partly why advertising is not currently governed in conjunction with financial authorities.Also, regulators are reluctant to rush to impose rules on cryptocurrencies as they examine the possible benefits of the Blockchain technology underpinning them.Many analysts expect the likes of Google and Facebook to loosen blanket bans once authorities provide guidance on how virtual currencies and the infrastructure around them will be treated.Christie Dennehy-Neil at the Internet Advertising Bureau, a British trade body, said large online platforms often introduce policies that take "a judgment more broadly than advertising" to protect their reputation.She said that the ideal case "would be for a product to be regulated and for there to be sector-specific rules for advertising". But without regulation in place, companies were sensible to act on their own accord, she added.Crypto supporters argue the bans will have little impact.In China, which tried to stamp out crypto trading through a crackdown last year, investing in the sector remains popular.Also, while promotions on Twitter and Facebook may appeal to new would-be buyers, investor conversations have shifted to other platforms and chatrooms where advertising is still permitted or where information on new coins is spread by word of mouth.The price of bitcoin <BTC=BTSP> fell heavily after the Facebook ads ban announcement, but the reaction to similar moves by Google and Twitter since then was muted."Interest in cryptocurrency and ICOs remains undiminished even in China," said Zennon Kapron at Shanghai-based financial consultancy Kapronasia."The decentralized nature of cryptocurrencies and investors means that it remains relatively straightforward to access information about, and invest."In an indication of the strength of that interest, while Line may not allow any related advertising, it is currently applying for a license in Japan to operate its own cryptocurrency exchange.(Additional reporting by Thomas Wilson in TOKYO, Maria Kiselyova and Polina Ivanova in MOSCOW and Dahee Kim in SEOUL; Editing by Sujata Rao and Hugh Lawson)Each week, Farhad Manjoo, technology columnist at The New York Times, reviews the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Good morning, readers! Let’s talk about tech.The stock market hasn’t been kind to new consumer start-ups. Snap, the maker of Snapchat, has been dogged by sluggish user growth since it hit the market last summer; its stock price is still below its $17 I.P.O. price. Blue Apron, the meal delivery start-up, is also trading far below what investors paid for its stock last June. The apparel retailer Stitch Fix, meanwhile, has gained some ground since its I.P.O. in November, but only barely.Now Spotify thinks it can buck the trend. After months of windup, the music-streaming company filed documents this week to sell shares on the New York Stock Exchange. It isn’t doing an initial public offering but instead a novel model called a direct stock listing — but let’s forget about the mechanics for now and consider its prospects.On the surface, it looks like a tough road for Spotify. The company is beset by wealthy competitors, is losing tons of money, and its business model does not offer an obvious path to huge profits.But it has one thing going for it, and it’s huge: Spotify is excellent at what it does. None of its competitors match its pace of innovation and its wide cross-platform functionality. And although many musicians remain suspicious of Spotify, it offers the best path forward for the industry — a chance to thrive outside the cross hairs of Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook.Spotify’s filings suggest strong growth. The company has 159 million active users, 71 million of whom pay for a subscription to its ad-free service. Its revenue in 2017 was almost $5 billion, up 38.6 percent from the year before. But its losses also piled up; its operating loss was $461 million in 2017, up slightly from $426 million in 2016.There’s a path here to success. Spotify’s grand theory is that as it grows, it can negotiate better rates with music labels, which then increases its chance of profitability. That’s happening — its gross margin is rising — but slowly. And it’s always going to have huge content costs; Spotify has to pay for music every time it’s streamed, whereas video streaming companies like Netflix usually pay for content just once.But Spotify is worth rooting for. It’s one of few examples of a thriving consumer company that sits outside the clutches of large American tech firms. (It’s based in Sweden.) Its independence makes it great for consumers — Spotify works just about everywhere, from your iPhone to your Amazon Echo to your cheapo Android tablet. Because music streaming is all the company does, it has an incentive to keep improving its service; Spotify, I’ve noticed, adds excellent features faster than most of its bigger competitors add basic ones.That’s the best reason to hope it survives.Last month, I asked readers to send in ideas for tech stories they’d like to see covered in The Times. I expected to get a handful of responses; instead we were inundated with hundreds of thoughtful suggestions. And I read all of them! Thankfully, most of you were brief.So, what would you like to see more of? A lot of things, it turns out.Many people were interested in cryptocurrencies and the blockchains behind them. What did they want to know? The basics, really, like what’s the deal with cryptocurrencies, what is a blockchain and why is everybody suddenly talking about both? We actually have some great explainers by our Bitcoin reporter, Nathaniel Popper — and stay tuned for more.There was also a lot of interest in “algorithmic bias,” the suspicion that the computers making so many decisions about our lives might not be fair or transparent. Readers were also interested in technologies for people who aren’t thought of as a natural audience for new tech — older people, for example, or people in rural areas. “Don’t overlook the folks who are being left behind,” said Michael Starks of Zionsville, Ind.Many had concerns about security. They wondered if the cloud was really secure, and if there was anything they could do to make themselves safer online. That’s an area Times reporters are constantly digging into, but for now, the brief answer is: You’re never as safe as companies say you are.Finally, there was an interest in up-and-coming tech, even tech that’s way out there. Important as they are, people are sick of hearing about Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Twitter. They want to know about quantum computers, flying cars (oh, look, we got you covered there), any manner of robots and the start-ups behind them. And even beyond that: “All these billionaires, yet no one is making serious ground on time machines or teleportation?” asked one reader.Good question!So, some news: This will be my last newsletter for a few months. Like my nemesis Mike Isaac, I’m going to write a book about my hobbyhorse — how Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Google are conquering the world.When I get back, I hope they put me on the time travel beat. See you then!Farhad Manjoo writes a weekly technology column called State of the Art. You can follow him on Twitter here: @fmanjoo.SAN FRANCISCO — It took Facebook seven years to raise $1 billion from investors. Uber did it in five.The messaging company Telegram has been around since 2013, but never tried to raise significant money until late last year. Now, thanks to an initial coin offering, or I.C.O., Telegram is on track to pull in a billion dollars in just four months — long before the product the company is raising money for is even built.When programmers or entrepreneurs launch an I.C.O., what they are really doing is selling their own virtual currencies in order to raise money for software they say they are building. In return for real money, investors receive digital tokens, similar to Bitcoin.Regulators worry this novel fund-raising method is allowing people to flout the rules that are supposed to protect investors. Financial authorities around the world have been promising to crack down on coin offerings, which rose out of nowhere last year to become a popular way for start-ups to raise tens of millions of dollars, sometimes in minutes.In recent months, the Securities and Exchange Commission has been sending out subpoenas, asking for information about coin offerings that may have violated the law — although how existing laws may apply remains unclear. Nonetheless, companies like Telegram are still proceeding with their offerings and hoping they can stay out of trouble.Telegram’s supercharged fund-raising has become the most visible and perhaps most lucrative example of an I.C.O. The company has taken in $850 million over the past two months from some of the biggest venture capital firms in Silicon Valley, and it is now aiming to raise another $850 million over the next month or so. A third $850 million round is in the works after that, according to documents associated with the offering.Telegram already runs a popular messaging service. It plans to use the new money to create both an online currency for ordinary people — outside the control of governments — and a new kind of global computing network, combining the attributes of existing virtual currencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum.The project is being led by one of the most vaunted but enigmatic figures in the tech world, Pavel Durov, who built the biggest social network in Russia, VKontakte, before thumbing his nose at Vladimir V. Putin and fleeing the country. He now hops between bases in Dubai and around Europe.Despite Mr. Durov’s credentials, the tech world is divided on the wisdom of putting money into his fund-raising campaign.Some of Silicon Valley’s most prominent venture firms have signed up to invest in the project, including Benchmark, Sequoia and Kleiner Perkins, according to two people briefed on the private deal who were not authorized to speak about it publicly.But the venture capitalists who have invested the most in the virtual currency space, like Union Square Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock and Polychain Capital, have stayed away.“It’s a pitch that sounds good to V.C.s that haven’t participated but makes no sense to people that have been in the space,” said Nick Tomaino, the founder of a virtual currency investment fund, 1confirmation, that didn’t invest in Telegram.The most obvious reason to be skeptical of the project is that there is not even a prototype — just a 132-page paper promising what the system will look like one day. The Telegram team is promising to release the software late this year or next year.What’s more, Telegram is promising to do more than any other virtual currency and to fix the intractable problems that have plagued virtual currencies like Bitcoin, such as overcoming the network’s difficulty handling all the transactions that have poured onto the network as it has become more popular.An analyst at one virtual currency-focused hedge fund, Pantera Capital, wrote a scathing essay noting that the Telegram team has given no evidence that they will be able to solve the problems that have dogged everyone else.“I cannot, in 132 pages, gain the slightest intuition as to how to go about proving that the hard problems it needs to solve will be solved,” the analyst, Charles Noyes, wrote about the Telegram project on Medium.Telegram representatives did not respond to requests for comment.Believers in the Telegram project have said that the company has a team of developers that have already proved themselves by building two incredibly popular tech products, VKontakte and Telegram.Mr. Durov, a self-described libertarian, founded VKontakte in 2006, but gave up his role and his ownership stake in 2013 after Mr. Putin’s allies took control of the company.Since then, Mr. Durov and his brother, who is said to be the technical genius behind the projects, have built Telegram into a messaging giant with nearly 200 million users. (When Facebook raised a billion dollars, it already had half a billion users.)The Telegram app has been popular in authoritarian countries because it promises that all messages are encrypted and protected from government snooping. Its pro-privacy stance has made it popular with many in the virtual currency community.The virtual currency network that Telegram is building, known as the Telegram Open Network, or TON, would allow users of the Telegram app to send each other payments when they are not in the same country. It would be a Bitcoin equivalent to the popular payment systems that messaging programs like WeChat have built.“TON can become a VISA/Mastercard alternative for the new decentralized economy,” said a TON primer that was sent to investors. “We believe that a whole new economy saturated with goods and services sold for cryptocurrency will be born.”The Telegram Open Network will use the idea of the blockchain, first introduced by Bitcoin, to maintain all the records of Telegram’s currency, known as the Gram, on computers around the world, without any central authority. But Telegram is promising that its blockchains will do much more than Bitcoin: serve as the basis for a global super computer, somewhat like the popular Ethereum network.The Bitcoin and Ethereum networks have both struggled to keep up with transactions, but Telegram said it will overcome this by using multiple blockchains that will allow it to process millions of transactions a second. The Bitcoin network limit is currently around five transactions a second.The Telegram documents say that 5 billion Grams will initially be released to users. The investors who put the first $850 million into the project paid 37 cents for each token, according to offering documents.The next round of investors, expected to come together over the next month, will pay about three and half times that for each Gram. If the current round raises another $850 million, Telegram said in documents that it may hold yet another round, to raise $850 million more.The price that Telegram is charging in the current fund-raising round — $1.33 a Gram — assumes the entire currency will grow to be worth at least $6.6 billion. There are already eight virtual currencies worth that much, and all the Bitcoin in the world were worth around $185 billion on Sunday. Given Telegram’s experience, many investors think it won’t be hard to achieve that long term value.Telegram’s team has also been careful to stay on the right side of the law, only offering their token to accredited investors, and working with the established Wall Street law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.Telegram initially said in its offering documents that it would do a public sale of Grams, to smaller investors, but it backed away from that after American regulators spoke in congressional hearings in February about their concerns over I.C.O.s, according to the people briefed on the deal.Despite those precautions, many virtual currency investors said the Telegram offering was too risky.“This is an order of magnitude larger than any of the most hyped I.C.O.s we’ve seen,” said Joe DiPasquale, the founder of BitBull Capital, a hedge fund. “As an investor who looks at a lot of projects in this space, that for me is a concern.”“Oh my god, this is so cute!”Robin Li, an investor with the San Francisco venture capital firm GGV Capital, was standing in the lobby of the Madison building in downtown Detroit. Built in 1917 as a theater and refurbished several years ago as a tech co-working space, the Madison checks all of the aesthetic boxes of hipsterdom: reclaimed wood, exposed brick walls, pour-over coffee served by tattooed baristas.“This is nicer than San Francisco,” Ms. Li concluded.Last month, I accompanied Ms. Li and roughly a dozen other venture capitalists on a three-day bus trip through the Midwest, with stops in Youngstown and Akron, Ohio; Detroit and Flint, Mich.; and South Bend, Ind. The trip, which took place on a luxury bus outfitted with a supply of vegan doughnuts and coal-infused kombucha, was known as the “Comeback Cities Tour.”It was pitched as a kind of Rust Belt safari — a chance for Silicon Valley investors to meet local officials and look for promising start-ups in overlooked areas of the country.But a funny thing happened: By the end of the tour, the coastal elites had caught the heartland bug. Several used Zillow, the real estate app, to gawk at the availability of cheap homes in cities like Detroit and South Bend and fantasize about relocating there. They marveled at how even old-line manufacturing cities now offer a convincing simulacrum of coastal life, complete with artisanal soap stores and farm-to-table restaurants.“If it weren’t for my kids, I’d totally move,” said Cyan Banister, a partner at Founders Fund. “This could be a really powerful ecosystem.”These investors aren’t alone. In recent months, a growing number of tech leaders have been flirting with the idea of leaving Silicon Valley. Some cite the exorbitant cost of living in San Francisco and its suburbs, where even a million-dollar salary can feel middle class. Others complain about local criticism of the tech industry and a left-wing echo chamber that stifles opposing views. And yet others feel that better innovation is happening elsewhere.“I’m a little over San Francisco,” said Patrick McKenna, the founder of High Ridge Venture Partners who was also on the bus tour. “It’s so expensive, it’s so congested, and frankly, you also see opportunities in other places.”Mr. McKenna, who owns a house in Miami in addition to his home in San Francisco, told me that his travels outside the Bay Area had opened his eyes to a world beyond the tech bubble.“Every single person in San Francisco is talking about the same things, whether it’s ‘I hate Trump’ or ‘I’m going to do blockchain and Bitcoin,’” he said. “It’s the worst part of the social network.”The tour through the Midwest was organized by Representative Tim Ryan, a Democrat who represents northeastern Ohio. Representative Ro Khanna, a Democrat who represents Silicon Valley, came along for the ride, as did J. D. Vance, the author of “Hillbilly Elegy.” (Mr. Vance, a venture capitalist who now seems to magically appear every time the words “Midwest” and “manufacturing” are spoken aloud, has also been leading his own whistle-stop tours of the region.)[Read more here about Mr. Vance scouring the Midwest.]Recently, Peter Thiel, the President Trump-supporting billionaire investor and Facebook board member, became Silicon Valley’s highest-profile defector when he reportedly told people close to him that he was moving to Los Angeles full-time, and relocating his personal investment funds there. (Founders Fund and Mithril Capital, two other firms started by Mr. Thiel, will remain in the Bay Area.) Mr. Thiel reportedly considered San Francisco’s progressive culture “toxic,” and sought out a city with more intellectual diversity.Mr. Thiel’s criticisms were echoed by Michael Moritz, the billionaire founder of Sequoia Capital. In a recent Financial Times op-ed, Mr. Moritz argued that Silicon Valley had become slow and spoiled by its success, and that “soul-sapping discussions” about politics and social injustice had distracted tech companies from the work of innovation.Complaints about Silicon Valley insularity are as old as the Valley itself. Jim Clark, the co-founder of Netscape, famously decamped for Florida during the first dot-com era, complaining about high taxes and expensive real estate. Steve Case, the founder of AOL, has pledged to invest mostly in start-ups outside the Bay Area, saying that “we’ve probably hit peak Silicon Valley.”But even among those who enjoy living in the Bay Area, and can afford to do so comfortably, there’s a feeling that success has gone to the tech industry’s head.“Some of the engineers in the Valley have the biggest egos known to humankind,” Mr. Khanna, the Silicon Valley congressman, said during a round-table discussion with officials in Youngstown. “If they don’t have their coffee and breakfast and dry cleaning, they want to go somewhere else. Whereas here, people are hungry.”This isn’t a full-blown exodus yet. But in the last three months of 2017, San Francisco lost more residents to outward migration than any other city in the country, according to data from Redfin, the real estate website. A recent survey by Edelman, the public relations firm, found that 49 percent of Bay Area residents, and 58 percent of Bay Area millennials, were considering moving away. And a sharp increase in people moving out of the Bay Area has led to a shortage of moving vans. (According to local news reports, renting a U-Haul for a one-way trip from San Jose to Las Vegas now costs roughly $2,000, compared with just $100 for a truck going the other direction.)For both investors and rank-and-file workers, one appeal of noncoastal cities is the obvious cost savings. It’s increasingly difficult to justify doling out steep salaries and lavish perks demanded by engineers in the Bay Area, when programmers in other cities can be had for as little as $50,000 a year. (An entry-level engineer at Facebook or Google might command triple or quadruple that amount.)When you invest in a San Francisco start-up, “you’re basically paying landlords, Twilio, and Amazon Web Services,” said Ms. Bannister of Founders Fund, referring to the companies that provide start-ups with messaging services and data hosting.Granted, California still has its perks. Venture capital investment is still largely concentrated on the West Coast, as are the clusters of talented computer scientists who emerge from prestigious schools like Stanford and the University of California, Berkeley. Despite the existence of tools like Slack, which make remote work easier, many tech workers feel it’s still an advantage to be close to the center of the action.But the region’s advantages may be eroding. Google, Facebook and other large tech companies have recently opened offices in cities like Boulder, Colo. and Boston, hoping to attract new talent as well as accommodating requests from existing employees looking to move elsewhere. And the hot demand for engineers in areas like artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles has led companies to expand their presence near research universities, in cities like Pittsburgh and Ann Arbor. Then there is HQ2, Amazon’s much-ballyhooed search for a second headquarters, which seems to have convinced some tech executives that cities between the coasts may be viable alternatives.Venture capitalists, who recognize a bargain when they see one, have already begun scouring the Midwest. Mr. Case and Mr. Vance recently amassed a $150 million fund called “Rise of the Rest.” The fund, which was backed by tech luminaries including Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Eric Schmidt, the former executive chairman of Alphabet, will invest in start-ups throughout the region.[Read Andrew Ross Sorkin on the Rise of the Rest fund.]But it’s not just about making money. It’s about social comfort, too. Tech companies are more popular in noncoastal states than in their own backyards, where the industry’s effect on housing prices and traffic congestion is more acutely felt. Most large tech companies still rate highly in national opinion surveys, but only 62 percent of Californians say they trust the tech industry, and just 37 percent trust social media companies, according to the Edelman survey. So you can start to understand the appeal of a friendlier environment.During the Akron stop of the bus trip, while the Silicon Valley investors mingled with local officials over a dinner spread of vegan polenta pizza and barbecue sliders, Mr. McKenna, the San Francisco venture capitalist, told me that he felt a difference in people’s attitudes in cities like these, where the tech industry’s success is still seen as something to celebrate.“People want to be in places where they’re the hero,” he said.