(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.There was a rare shooting rampage in Italy, stocks tumbled and the Philadelphia Eagles won the Super Bowl. Here’s the news:• Thousands of battle-hardened Islamic State fighters have escaped Syria, perhaps to fight another day.Classified Western intelligence assessments say that some militants are defecting to Al Qaeda’s branch in Syria. Others are paying smugglers to spirit them to Turkey, with an eventual goal of returning home to Europe.Meanwhile, Turkey’s military suffered its worst day yet in its two-week offensive against Kurdish-led militants in Syria, a day after other rebels shot down a Russian warplane._____• A rare shooting rampage has rattled Italy and added fuel to its debate on migration ahead of next month’s elections.A gunman wounded six people in a drive-by attack in the city of Macerata that appeared to have targeted African immigrants.The authorities later said that they found white supremacist material, including Hitler’s “Mein Kampf,” at the home of a 28-year-old suspect._____• President Trump’s scorched-earth assault on the F.B.I. and Justice Department, now largely focused on a Republican memo released Friday, is unlike anything the United States has seen in modern times.Here’s the full memo, annotated by our Washington correspondent. (Above, Andrew McCabe, the former deputy director of the F.B.I. who resigned last week.)Democrats pressed for the release of their classified rebuttal, with a vote expected today on whether to make it public._____• An Obama-era treaty committing the U.S. and Russia to keep their long-range nuclear arsenals at the lowest levels since early in the Cold War goes into full effect today.But the Trump administration has already vowed to counter a rush by the Russians to modernize their forces, touching off a new kind of nuclear arms race.Separately, our diplomatic correspondent in Brussels gauged reactions to Mr. Trump’s threat to cut foreign aid so it would “only go to America’s friends.” Experts warned of diminishing American influence.(Above, a U.S. officer carrying the “nuclear football” of launch codes.)_____• In South Africa, one question dominates the political debate: When should President Jacob Zuma (above right) leave?Real power has already begun to shift to Cyril Ramaphosa (above center), Mr. Zuma’s successor at the helm of the governing African National Congress.We took an in-depth look at Bell Pottinger, the British public relations firm that was caught up in the corruption scandal that hastened Mr. Zuma’s downfall.Its spin campaign helped drive racial tensions to levels not felt since apartheid._____• Uma Thurman finally talked about Harvey Weinstein.The actress, who said in October that she was waiting to feel “less angry,” spoke about abusive encounters with him and a gruesome episode during shooting of the “Kill Bill” films.And dozens more young women say they were molested by Larry Nassar, the former doctor for U.S.A. Gymnastics — even as the F.B.I. was pursuing its case against him.Have you seen organizations make changes to better address sexual harassment? Let us know.• Dozens of entrepreneurs, made newly wealthy by virtual currencies, have moved to Puerto Rico to build a society that runs on blockchain (and to avoid tax).• Consumers in China have lifted the fortunes of many Western brands. But some products — like tampons, deodorant and breakfast cereal — have failed to impress.• Sometimes it’s good to be in another time zone: All gains in U.S. stock prices since 1993 have come outside trading hours, an analysis suggests.• New Fed chairman: Jerome Powell takes office today just as the U.S. economy is beginning to show some signs of strain.• Asian stocks fell, extending Friday’s sell-off in the U.S. Here’s a look ahead at what could move global markets this week, including major European bank earnings.• More than 100,000 people rallied in Athens against the inclusion of the word “Macedonia” in the name of the neighboring former Yugoslav republic. [The New York Times]• Salah Abdeslam, a suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, is set to face trial in Brussels on charges related to a separate shootout there. [Reuters]• The bodies of at least 20 African migrants were recovered off the coast of Melilla, a Spanish outpost in northern Africa. [The New York Times]• Egypt and Israel have become unlikely secret allies in a covert war against Islamist militants in the Sinai Peninsula. [The New York Times]• Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Turkish president, is scheduled to meet Pope Francis today for talks that are expected to center on Jerusalem. [Reuters]• Carles Puigdemont, the ousted Catalan president, is fighting from Belgium to stay relevant in Spain. [The New York Times]• Kenyans fear their country is sliding away from democracy as the government muzzles dissent. [The New York Times]• Unscripted moments are rare on President Vladimir Putin’s campaign trail in Russia ahead of the March 18 election. (He is practically guaranteed to win.) [The New York Times]• The authorities in Britain fear that fentanyl could become the country’s next most dangerous drug. [The New York Times]• The latest in Iran’s debate on veils: A years-old report released by the presidential office suggests that nearly half of Iranians want women to be free to uncover their heads in public. [The New York Times]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Work on your pizza skills by baking a pie topped with sweet and hot peppers.• If your New Year’s resolution has fallen by the wayside, email our Smarter Living editor (subject line “2018 resolutions”) with your name, your goal and why you chose it, and two steps toward it.• It took the Philadelphia Eagles three tries over 52 years, but they are finally Super Bowl champions. (This year’s ads were more humorous than political.)• Laser technology uncovered the ruins of a vast Maya civilization that had been hidden under tree canopy in Guatemala.• Tourists are slowly returning to the Kurdish region of Iraq to find a place of great beauty, haunted by war. We compiled some travel advice.• An artist’s plans for an unusual new building next to the site of Edvard Munch’s studio on the outskirts of Oslo have stirred a heated debate in Norway.• The Dutch National Opera in Amsterdam ran out of closet space. About 4,000 costumes have been put up for sale to the public. The costume sales are incredibly popular.A century ago on Tuesday, the Austrian painter Gustav Klimt died in Vienna.Klimt is famous for his heavily ornamented portraits, one of which was confiscated by the Nazis during World War II but later recovered. It sold for $135 million in 2006, and the recovery effort inspired “The Woman in Gold,” a 2015 film starring Helen Mirren.Among the artist’s quirks — and a source of irritation for his wealthy patrons — was that he often refused to declare his works complete.One Belgian family stopped paying Klimt for a frieze it had commissioned for a palace in Brussels, as a way of motivating him to finish. He eventually did.But patrons who tried to collect his artwork were sometimes offered a refund instead of a painting.Klimt would even tweak pieces after they had won critical acclaim.His painting “Death and Life,” for example, won first prize at the International Art Exhibition in Rome in 1911. But Klimt later changed the background from gold to gray, according to the Leopold Museum in Vienna, and gave his representations of death and life “further ornaments.”Mike Ives contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• What it takes to be a whistle-blower.• Broadcom whacks Qualcomm for raising its NXP bid.• Untangling the productivity mystery.• How Skadden got involved in the special counsel’s Russia inquiry.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Sigmund Freud is reputed to have said that “sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.” The Supreme Court took that approach in deciding what is required to qualify for protection from retaliation as a whistle-blower.A provision in the Dodd-Frank Act defines a “whistle-blower” as someone who provides “information relating to a violation of the securities laws to the Commission.” That seems simple enough, but the Securities and Exchange Commission made something of a hash out of the requirement by taking an expansive view in a rule aimed at protecting an employee from retaliation even if the person only reports information internally.In Digital Realty Trust v. Somers, a former employee of Digital Realty, Paul Somers, claimed he was terminated after he reported possible securities law violations to senior management. Although he never alerted anyone outside the company, Mr. Somers filed a lawsuit claiming his termination violated the anti-retaliation provision by relying on the S.E.C.’s rule.The Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, rejected that reading of the statute. It applied a simple analysis: “Courts are not at liberty to dispense with the condition—tell the S.E.C.—Congress imposed.” By not reporting his suspicions to the S.E.C., he lost the protection afforded whistleblowers.One of the complaints expressed by companies when the S.E.C. considered the whistle-blower rules was that they did not require employees to report information to management first. The incentive created by the Digital Realty ruling is straightforward: Don’t just tell your boss about possible violations; make a beeline to the S.E.C.’s front door, at least if you want protection from retaliation.— Peter J. HenningThe Dow Jones industrial average rose 139 points in the half-hour after the Federal Reserve released the minutes of its most recent policy meeting at 2 p.m. and was up more than 300 points on the day. Then the index sank 455 points in the final 90 minutes to close down 0.67 percent for the day.Why?There didn’t appear to be anything in the minutes to make investors particularly bearish or bullish.Perhaps the bond market was to blame for the plunge. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which rises as its price falls, kept climbing after the minutes came out, closing at 2.95 percent. Higher bond yields can make stocks look more expensive, prompting investors to sell. As a result, Wednesday’s mini move indicates that the tug of war between the stock and bond markets is still very much on.While we’re on the Fed minutes, it appears that the central bank’s policymakers did not spend much time discussing an indicator that is flashing a warning sign. The data point in question is the saving rate, which recently sank to a 12-year low. With the rate at 2.4 percent of disposable income, a big drop in the stock market, like the one that occurred earlier this month, could prompt consumers to cut their spending. The Fed’s policymakers did not appear overly worried about the saving rate at their last meeting, which was held before the market’s plunge. The minutes state:— Peter EavisQualcomm defied Broadcom’s demand not to raise its takeover bid for NXP on Tuesday by increasing that offer by about 16 percent, to $127.50 a share from $110. Now Broadcom has retaliated.Broadcom shaved $3 per share off its hostile takeover bid for Qualcomm, to $79.Broadcom’s rationale is that the new NXP offer transfers value away from Qualcomm’s shareholders. From the news release:Let’s take a look at the math• Broadcom argues that Qualcomm gave up $4.10 a share, or $6.2 billion, in value to NXP shareholders. In response, it cut its price. At $79 a share, Broadcom’s current offer is just under 13 percent higher than its original offer. (Of course, other elements of Broadcom’s last bid — the $8 billion breakup fee for antitrust reasons, the ticking fee if a deal takes more than 12 months to close — still stand.)• Broadcom also contends privately that had Qualcomm agreed to start deal talks, the two of them could have held firm against NXP shareholders like Elliott Management and Soroban Capital Partners. By giving up less negotiating power to the holdout shareholders, the argument goes, Qualcomm could have recut the NXP deal at a far lower price.• Qualcomm argues privately that the $4.10 a share is nonsense, since the NXP deal a) wasn’t going to get done at $110 a share and b) will still add to its earnings per share price starting in the 2019 fiscal year.The bet on the shareholder meetingBroadcom had previously said that it would walk away if the NXP offer went above $110 a share, but now seems content to take its chances at Qualcomm’s annual shareholder meeting.Broadcom wants six seats on Qualcomm’s board. That campaign gained momentum when the proxy advisers I.S.S. and Glass Lewis recommended that Qualcomm shareholders vote for at least four of its director nominees.A Qualcomm representative didn’t have an immediate comment.How the shares moved today: Qualcomm’s were down 1.5 percent, while Broadcom’s were up slightly. Shares in NXP — the real winner in this deal saga so far — were essentially unchanged.— Michael de la MercedThe deals flyaround• Carl Icahn and Darwin Deason pressed Xerox to pursue alternatives to its complicated deal with Fujifilm. (Reuters)• HNA has borrowed from the private equity firm Pacific Alliance Group, a sign that it may be struggling to raise capital from more traditional sources. (FT)An economy is doing well when companies each year manage to become more productive, or in other words, get more output from their employees and equipment. But productivity for years has grown far more slowly than it did in the past, effectively restraining economic growth. This decline has prompted economists to hunt for causes – and the latest big work on the issue comes from the McKinsey Global Institute. The Upshot’s Neil Irwin does a great job of explaining McKinsey’s main finding:Little in economics is straightforward, however, and McKinsey’s deep dive prompted a couple of questions. Jaana Remes, one of the authors of the work, was kind enough to respond.1) In its report, McKinsey notes that the slow down in productivity growth was noticeable before the financial crisis. What caused that? And to what degree did those causes contribute to the decline in productivity growth after the financial crisis? This is important because these forces could continue to weigh on productivity.In the years leading up to 2008, the productivity improvements that started in the 1990s with the introduction of information technology were largely complete, Ms. Remes explains. Important new technologies can often take well over 10 years to have a big impact on productivity, she adds. The optimistic take, though, is that we can in the coming years expect to see big benefits as companies further automate, and introduce artificial intelligence.2) If a sluggish economy can create the conditions for weak productivity, why did France, Spain and Italy, whose economies were anemic in the period under study, have significantly better productivity performances than faster-growing countries?First, the numbers: From 2010 to 2014, labor productivity grew by 1.4 percent a year in Spain and 1 percent in France, well in excess of the negative 0.2 percent rate for Britain and the United States. Why was that? Because Britain and the United States had made superior productivity gains before 2010. That made it harder for the two countries to notch similarly strong productivity growth in the years after the financial crisis. By contrast, France and Spain, which had made far fewer productivity gains before 2010, were able to eke out at least some afterward. Ms. Remes also points out that a big cause of Spain’s post-2010 gain came from a reduction in hours worked. That might be described as the least desirable way to bolster productivity because it implies a reduction in incomes for workers. The most economically beneficial type of productivity gain occurs when output per employee increases as hours worked grow.— Peter EavisNew research posted by France’s central bank, the Banque de France, shows that the largest companies in the United States now account for a significantly larger share of production. This dominance, the paper asserts, could allow the companies to enjoy “monopoly rents,” the term economists use to describe the subsidies companies enjoy if their business is protected in ways that are not available to other firms.David Wessel, writing for Harvard Business Review, also recently took a look at whether dominant companies are holding the economy back.— Peter EavisThe largest United States bank by assets announced that it plans to tear down its current headquarters at 270 Park Ave. and build 2.5 million square-foot modern tower in its place.The new headquarters has yet to be designed, but it is expected, according to Bloomberg, to be between 70 and 75 stories and house 15,000 employees. The current headquarters was designed in the late 1950s for about 3,500 employees, JPMorgan said.During construction, employees will be temporarily moved 237, 245 and 277 Park Ave. and 383 and 390 Madison Ave., Bloomberg reported citing a person familiar with the matter.The tower would be the first major project under New York City’s Midtown East rezoning plan, designed to encourage office construction in the area.The job recruiting site said Wednesday that it has hired Jim Cox as its C.F.O., as part of a series of high-level executive appointments.Mr. Cox was most recently at Lithium Technologies, a maker of customer relationship management software.Here’s what Robert Hohman, Glassdoor’s C.E.O. and co-founder, said: “We are pleased to welcome Jim to Glassdoor as our new CFO as he brings a proven track record of building and managing financial operations and teams at high-growth technology companies.”Glassdoor also appointed Christian Sutherland-Wong, most recently its general manager of monetization, as its first chief operating officer, and Samantha Zupan, a longtime executive, as its vice president of global corporate communications.— Michael de la MercedThe giant law firm’s work for the former Trump campaign manager — who has been charged with several criminal acts by Robert Mueller’s inquiry into Russian election interference — has come into question after a former Skadden associate entered a guilty plea in the investigation.More from Kenneth Vogel and Andrew Kramer of the NYT:Skadden’s response: It fired the associate in question, Alex van der Zwaan, last year, and is cooperating with Mr. Mueller’s team.Elsewhere in Russian election meddling: Here’s what we still don’t know about Facebook’s role. Chris Hughes, a co-founder, said Facebook must do more to prevent foreign interference. President Trump blamed Barack Obama for not being tougher on Russia. And meet the  oligarch who helped fund Russia’s troll agency.The judge overseeing the Justice Department’s lawsuit to block the $85.4 billion takeover of Time Warner denied AT&T’s request to see government communications about the case. He ruled that AT&T had not “made a credible showing” that the White House had singled it out for retribution.More from Cecilia Kang of the NYT:AT&T had already agreed to take the Justice Department’s antitrust chief, Makan Delrahim, off the witness list — but could call him during the trial if needed.The trial begins March 19.Symptom A: Albertsons buying Rite Aid to gain scale and enter the pharmacy businessSymptom B: Walmart’s online sales growing just 23 percent in the fourth quarter, after it splashed out on Jet.com, Bonobos and moreMore from Michael Corkery and Chad Bray of the NYT:Critics’ corner• Of Walmart, Jennifer Saba of Breakingviews writes, “Longer term, failure online is an existential risk.” But Elizabeth Winkler of Heard on the Street says, “Given its huge size, investors need to temper their growth expectations.”• Of the Rite Aid deal, Max Nisen and Tara Lachapelle of Gadfly write, “There aren’t a lot of appealing options out there, and Albertsons had largely exhausted them.”Elsewhere in Amazon news• Why would Amazon employees working on the HQ2 search be interested in an article about Arlington, Va.? Hmm. (ARL Now)• Amazon now sells its own line of over-the-counter drugs. (CNBC)• A closer look at Jeff Bezos’s 10,000-year clock. (CNBC)• Start-ups that take money from the Alexa Fund should still fear Amazon’s competition. (The Information)• Mr. Trump ordered the Justice Department to regulate bump stocks. But the Florida legislature rejected a bill that would have banned many semiautomatic weapons and large-capacity magazines. And a Florida teachers’ pension plan had held a stake in the maker of the rifle used in the Parkland school shooting.• A clampdown by John Kelly on interim security clearances has upset Jared Kushner, who has one. (NYT)• The advocacy group Common Cause filed complaints with the Justice Department and the Federal Election Commission over reports of $150,000 being paid to a former Playboy Playmate who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump. (WSJ)• The Trump administration wants to sell nuclear reactors to Saudi Arabia, even though the kingdom won’t accept nonproliferation restrictions. (WSJ)• The U.S. sold $179 billion worth of debt yesterday, now that the debt ceiling is no longer an immediate issue. (Bloomberg)From Peter Eavis:For the first time — and after much protest — public companies must report their employees’ median pay and compare it with that of their C.E.O.s. (It’s thanks to Dodd-Frank.)Honeywell disclosed last week that its C.E.O., Darius Adamczyk, took home $16.8 million last year, 333 times median employee pay.Ratios at other companies:• Teva Pharmaceuticals’ was 302:1• Apollo Global Management’s was 1:1 (if you exclude, as Apollo did, Leon Black’s $91 million in dividends from his stock holdings)From Matthew Goldstein:A Manhattan federal judge rejected a motion by his Point72 Asset Management to temporarily seal the complaint in a sexual discrimination lawsuit against the firm by Lauren Bonner, an employee who described the firm as a testosterone-fueled “boys’ club.”The judge said the request was “not narrowly tailored” and ran counter to the “presumption of public access” to court records.Point72 is trying to push the case into arbitration, and said the complaint revealed details of other employees’ compensation.Elsewhere in sexual misconduct: Sports Illustrated published an investigation into a corrosive culture inside the Dallas Mavericks N.B.A. franchise.• How the founders of a price comparison site ended up as antitrust crusaders taking on Google. (NYT)• The dominance of tech giants like Facebook and Amazon could harm productivity and economic growth, according to Banque de France. And George Soros’s Open Society organization is examining ways to push back against those companies.• Apple is in talks to buy directly from miners to secure long-term supplies of cobalt, according to unnamed sources. (It’s vital for batteries.) But don’t expect the Democratic Republic of Congo to become a real-life Wakanda.• Facebook and Twitter fall short in enforcing rules against impersonation. (NYT)• A.I. is getting cheaper to make — and to manipulate. (NYT)• Spotify’s co-founders plan to keep control through super-voting shares, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Google has revamped its payments service to better compete against Apple Pay Cash. (CNBC)The embattled country is pushing ahead with the presale of the “petro,” backed by its oil reserves, hoping to pay down debt and increase imports. President Nicolás Maduro called it a “cryptocurrency to take on Superman.” But few people give it much hope.Some questions: Would buying the currency run afoul of U.S. sanctions? Can you trust the Venezuelan government to maintain the link between the petro and oil reserves? And how will pricing work?Elsewhere in digital money• Long Blockchain — yes, that company — replaced its C.E.O. and announced plans to spin off its iced beverages business, while trying to avoid being delisted by Nasdaq.• Airbus and Mercedes-Benz have hired a blockchain consultancy run by U.C. Berkeley students. (The Information)• Hackers broke into a Tesla-owned Amazon cloud account to use it for mining virtual currencies. (Fortune)• You missed your chance of free Bitcoins. (Reuters)And Bitcoin’s at $11,308.70 today, according to CoinMarketCap.• Jeff Hildebrand, the billionaire oil mogul, has stepped down as the C.E.O. of Hilcorp, though he’ll remain executive chairman. (Bloomberg)• The C.E.O. of Gap’s namesake brand, Jeff Kirwan, has stepped down as the label continues to struggle. (WSJ)• The C.E.O. of the Mayo Clinic, John Noseworthy, plans to step down by year end. (Axios)• A Republican plan to let people pay for time off with a new baby by collecting social security benefits early has raised concerns about putting women into more precarious positions in retirement. (NYT)• If the U.S. had to face a recession, it would have few stabilizing tools at its disposal. (NYT)• The Weinstein Company has formally responded to one of the class-action lawsuits it faces, saying Harvey Weinstein acted alone and that the statute of limitations had run out on some of the claims. (Deadline)• The slide in the dollar has less to do with U.S. policies and fundamentals and more to do with investors preferring turnaround stories in Europe and Japan, says Goldman Sachs. (Bloomberg)• Outstanding Hospitality Management, which operates airport restaurant spaces, sued the Kushner Companies over a planned food hall at the former NYT Building in Manhattan. (Bloomberg)• Li Yonghong, owner of the soccer club A.C. Milan, denied reports in the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that he was selling assets to settle debts. (BBC)• Ray Dalio’s $22 billion bet is against large European companies, but ones with far more economic exposure to the rest of the world than to Europe. (FT)• Glencore is grappling with how to pay Dan Gertler, a former partner who has been placed under sanctions by the U.S. government. It will owe him as much as $200 million in royalties over two years. (WSJ)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Friday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Stocks posted their worst week in two years.• Waymo and Uber settled their legal fight.• Congress passes a budget deal, but shows it doesn’t care about deficits.• How will the market rout impact the Federal Reserve’s March decision?• Amazon is reportedly preparing its own delivery service.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Stocks on Wall Street ping-ponged between gains and losses as volatility ruled the day.The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index and Dow Jones industrial average started Friday higher, then plummeted, then swung back to finish higher.The Dow climbed 332 points, or 1.4 percent, to 24192. The S.&P. 500 jumped 1.5 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.4 percent.For the week, the S.&P. 500 and the Dow tumbled 5.2 percent, their steepest weekly declines since January 2016.At its lows on Friday, the Dow had given back nearly 40 percent of its gains since election day in 2016 and more than 45 percent of the gains since President Trump was inaugurated.How volatile were stocks this week?The Dow moved more than 1,000 points between its intraday high and low on Friday. For the week, the Dow swung at least 500 points from its session high to its low on five consecutive trading days—something that last happened in October 2008, points out the WSJ’s Akane Otani.Bloomberg reports that a gauge on S.&P. 500 price moves had its biggest swing over the past two weeks on record. Of the move, Cameron Crise, a macro strategist at Bloomberg, said:The C.B.O.E Volatility Index, known as the market’s so-called fear gauge, moved from contango to backwardation. What does that mean? Here’s an explanation.The bigger pictureThe cause of one of the most turbulent weeks in recent memory appeared to be widespread expectations that the global economy is improving and that growth would accelerate in the near future.That has led to fears that interest rate increases could cheapen the value of certain kinds of investments.More on the markets and economy• Steep sell-offs in the stock market can be the result of superficial worries that soon pass. But sometimes, falling stock prices reflect concerns about deeper problems. After a years-long borrowing binge, cracks may start to appear in the credit markets. Peter Eavis takes a look at where the big debt loads are and asks if they are sustainable.Nearly 70 percent of S.&P. 500 companies have reported results so far, and profits are on pace to grow 14 percent, according to FactSet. Analysts expected earnings to rise 11 percent at the end of the fourth quarter.• If that growth rate holds up, it would mark the third quarter of double-digit earnings growth in the past four.• All 11 of the S.&P. 500’s sectors are reporting higher profits, and five sectors have reported double-digit gains.• 74 percent of companies are announcing earnings above Wall Street estimates.• 79 percent are reporting sales above forecasts.• S.&P. 500 companies that generate more than 50 percent of their sales abroad are on pace to report a 17.4 percent increase in their bottom lines. For those that get the majority of their revenue from within the United States, earnings are set to rise 12 percent.Nearly a year after Waymo first accused the ride-hailing company of plotting to steal important self-driving car technology, the two companies have settled their courtroom fight.After four days of arguments in Federal District Court here, Uber agreed to provide Waymo with 0.34 percent of its stock. Uber is now valued at about $72 billion, which works out to about $240 million, according to Waymo.Waymo, the self-driving car unit spun out of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, argued that Uber had colluded with a former Google engineer to steal technology related to laser-based sensors, a key component in self-driving cars. Uber said it had developed its technology on its own.One of the shortest shutdowns in U.S. government history is over, and Congress has reached a budget deal. The price is hundreds of billions in new spending.Rand Paul, who temporarily halted the Senate’s vote on the deal, said this:Conservative House Republicans like the Freedom Caucus opposed the bill on similar grounds.The critical take on deficit spending, from the lead editorial of this week’s Economist:What’s in the billThe NYT has a rundown of some hard-to-spot items in the bill, including:• The killing of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was meant to cap Medicare spending• The extension of tax breaks for renewable and nuclear energy and a tax credit for carbon dioxide capture• Special tax rates for timber salesThe immigration issueNancy Pelosi both praised the budget deal and said that she wouldn’t vote for it because it didn’t protect Dreamers. Some Democrats called on her to force her colleagues to block the deal, but others pointed to its funding for domestic programs.The S.&P. 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average both fell into correction territory on Thursday. Fed officials, though, have remained upbeat on their outlook for the United States economy and sanguine about the market’s tumble.This week Robert Kaplan, the head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said:William Dudley, the New York Fed President, said:But expectations for a March rate increase have begun to come down, reported Chelsey Dulaney of MoneyBeat. Traders are betting there is a 72 percent chance that the Fed will raise rates at its March meeting, down from 79 percent a week ago, according to CME Group data. For the year, investors now see only a 17.5 percent chance of four rate increases this year, compared to 24 percent a week ago, Ms. Dulaney wrote.The big question remains: Is the underlying economy holding up? So far, probably yes.More in markets• The LJM Preservation and Growth Fund, an options mutual fund, essentially collapsed amid the turmoil. (FT)• Most Americans have limited exposure to the stock market. (NYT)Shares in the two big names in package delivery were down in premarket trading today. Why?From Laura Stevens of the WSJ:Where else have investors felt fear about what Amazon might do to an industry?• Healthcare• Groceries• Media• And retail, of course— Michael de la Merced• White House officials knew as early as last fall that Rob Porter, the former White House staff secretary, faced domestic abuse allegations. The scandal has cast unflattering light on Mr. Porter’s boss, John Kelly. And some White House officials say it was all orchestrated by the former Trump aide Corey Lewandowski.• Rand Paul is opposing the nomination of Marvin Goodfriend to the Fed, endangering the economist’s chances. (WSJ)• Mr. Trump formally nominated Charles Rettig, a tax lawyer who fought the I.R.S., as its next leader. (NYT)• CVS is raising its base hourly pay rate and improving employees’ health benefits because of the tax overhaul. (It also happens to be trying to buy Aetna for $69 billion.) (Axios)• Penn Station and Newark Liberty International Airport are good examples of why the U.S. needs to upgrade its infrastructure, Jim Stewart writes. (NYT)Qualcomm rejected Broadcom’s revised $121 billion bid, saying it was an undervaluation and didn’t offer enough commitment if regulators pushed back. But it opened the door to negotiations.Broadcom’s C.E.O., Hock Tan, responded by asking to meet this weekend.But there’s still a lot they disagree on:• Qualcomm wants more than $82 a share. Broadcom says its bid is “best and final.”• Qualcomm says it needs a firmer commitment to completing a deal, even if antitrust regulators object. Broadcom has offered an $8 billion breakup fee in that case, as well as a 6 percent “ticking fee” if the deal takes more than 12 months to close.What one shareholder wants: Steven Ré of Fairbanks Capital Management told the WSJ, “In a peaceful deal, they can probably talk Hock Tan up another $5, maybe $7.”Also remember: Qualcomm’s shareholder meeting is scheduled for March 6. Broadcom is looking to unseat the entire board.• L’Oréal says that it’s ready to buy out Nestlé’s 23 percent stake in it and hinted that it would sell its own stake in Sanofi, if necessary. (FT)• Walmart is willing to invest up to $4 billion in Flipkart, valuing the Indian ecommerce giant at as much as $20 billion, an unnamed source says. (Bloomberg)• Is Boeing in talks to buy Woodward, an airplane parts maker? Woodward says no, but unnamed sources told the WSJ yes. (WSJ)• Starboard Value will seek to unseat the entire board of Newell Brands, unnamed sources said. (WSJ)• Bayer has offered to sell its vegetable seeds business to win German regulatory approval for its $63.5 billion takeover of Monsanto. (Reuters)• Alibaba’s Ant Financial is preparing to raise up to $5 billion at a $100 billion valuation, unnamed sources say. (Reuters)• HNA, the troubled Chinese conglomerate, is selling $4 billion worth of U.S. office buildings to raise money. (Bloomberg)• Shandong Ruyi Group of China bought control of the Swiss accessories company Bally from JAB Holding. (WSJ)• Tilray, a medical marijuana producer and distributor, has raised 60 million Canadian dollars. (Tilray)Follow the NYT’s coverage of the games at Pyeonchang.Behind the scenes, the games reflect cozy ties between South Korea’s government and Samsung — ones that continue to attract criticism.More from Raymond Zhong and Park Jeong-eun of the NYT:And from Timothy Martin of the WSJ:After Snap and Twitter reported earnings this week, the view now seems to be that there is space for the two firms to make good money, even in the shadow of Facebook and Google, Peter Eavis writes:Bright spots: Snap’s strong user growth, up 18 percent in the fourth quarter, is a sign that it remains a draw to younger users. And while Twitter’s U.S. user growth and advertising revenue were unimpressive in the fourth quarter, both looked solid in the rest of the world.Breathing room: The fourth-quarter results bought both companies more time to prove themselves. And the financial pressure has lessened at Twitter. It is now churning out roughly half a billion dollars a year in cash flow.But it will be a slog: The fourth quarter is generally a bumper period for companies that rely on digital advertising, so the next couple of quarters could feel like a let down for Snap and Twitter. And if they disappoint, their stocks — far more highly valued than Facebook — could plunge.The tech flyaround• Eleven British lawmakers testily questioned executives from Google, Facebook and Twitter about fake news during recent elections. (WaPo)• India’s competition regulator fined Google $21 million for abusing its market position. (BBC)• Facebook is testing a downvote button. (TechCrunch)• Didi and SoftBank are teaming up for ride-hailing services in Japan, giving Uber another headache. (WSJ)It’s down to about $8,251 this morning, according to CoinMarketCap. Meanwhile, investors are more willing to bet against the virtual currency.• Elite U.S. universities are rushing to offer classes about Bitcoin and blockchain. (NYT)• Traders keep their skills sharp by trading digital money. (FT)• The European Central Bank will create its own settlement system. One board member boasted that it’s better than blockchain. (Bloomberg)• Neal Wolin, a deputy Treasury secretary under the Obama administration, is the new C.E.O. of Brunswick Group. (DealBook)• Dennis Berman, the WSJ’s financial editor, is joining Lazard’s activist defense practice. (Lazard)• SandRidge Energy replaced its C.E.O. and C.F.O. under pressure from Carl Icahn. Bill Griffin will be interim C.E.O. and Mike Johnson interim C.F.O. (Bloomberg)• The Trump administration has published data showing a large increase in penalties against polluters, as well as $20 billion in commitments from companies to correct problems that have cause environmental damage. (NYT)• The Addiction Policy Forum’s acceptance of money from the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America has raised questions about whether it can really hold the drug industry to account over the opioid crisis. (NYT)• Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been on tour and enjoying it. (NYT)• The cola wars may be turning into fizzy water wars. (NYT)• David Wallerstein, Tencent’s chief exploration officer, has been helping the company make moonshot investments that could lead to big payoffs. (WSJ)• Carson Block said that Muddy Waters was behind a 2015 report about a Chinese billionaire and an aluminum cache in Mexico, which helped spawn federal investigations (WSJ)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Happy Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Comcast is fighting Fox over the British broadcaster Sky.• How will Powell discuss loose fiscal policy?• Delta shows pushing back against the N.R.A. has political costs.• Will the U.S. challenge Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm on national security grounds?Want this in your inbox? Sign up here.Comcast may have found a way to disrupt Walt Disney’s deal for a large part of 21st Century Fox: make a bid to buy the British satellite broadcaster Sky.The offer, writes Liam Proud of Breakingviews, leaves Fox with two unappealing options to save its deal with Disney. Rupert Murdoch can either “revise the terms of the Disney sale to exclude Sky, or enter into a bidding war with” Comcast.Sky investors seem to be betting on the latter option. Its stock jumped nearly 20 percent and is now trading above Comcast’s offer.The reason for that may be that “both Fox and Disney have reasons for wanting to possess all of Sky,” writes Chris Hughes of Bloomberg Gadfly. “Fox may want full ownership as an insurance policy against the sale to Disney failing. And Disney’s desire to buy Fox’s current stake in Sky suggests it likes the asset, wants more of it and would want to prevent Comcast owning it.” In fact, Robert Iger, Disney’s chief executive, has called Sky the crown jewel of his company’s purchase of Fox assets.Reaction• Frank Louthan, an analyst at Raymond James: “The potential for Fox to return and make a competing bid remains high, in our view, as our European investment team believes Sky is the best-in-class European leader in Pay-TV.”When is an offer an offer can be a fine point under Britain’s complicated takeover rules.On Tuesday, Comcast announced a “possible all-cash offer” to acquire Sky, the British satellite broadcaster, for about $31 billion .Sky and 21st Century Fox, which has been trying to acquire the 61 percent of Sky that it does not already own for more than year, both responded that “no firm offer” had been made.That may seem like an odd distinction when Comcast, the owner of NBCUniversal, announced publicly how much it is willing to pay for an asset to kick off negotiations.But, that comes down to Britain’s extensive takeover code, which spans more than 400 pages, and can often trip up American companies not used to operating under those rules.The public disclosure of merger talks is triggered under the code when a number of factors occur, such as rumors in the market that a deal is in the works or “untoward movement” in a takeover target’s stock price.Making a public announcement then starts a countdown clock for a potential acquirer to announce a formal offer under the rules, known as a so-called firm intention to make an offer.The rules are intended to make sure all shareholders are treated fairly and have access to the same information about a deal and to establish an orderly framework for takeovers.- Chad BrayWe’d waited to see if Brian Roberts, Comcast’s chairman and C.E.O., would challenge Walt Disney for control of 21st Century Fox. Instead, he plans to disrupt Mr. Murdoch’s bid for full control of Sky, the British satellite broadcaster.What Comcast is offering: £12.50, or about $17.50, a share for all of SkyWhat Fox is offering: £10.75 a share for the 61 percent of Sky that it doesn’t ownBehind the maneuversComcast had worked on its own offer for Fox, with the chance to expand internationally through Sky being a big reason for bidding. But the Murdochs and their advisers believed that it would be difficult for Comcast to win U.S. regulatory approval.However, Fox’s bid for Sky has been held up by questions by British regulators about whether Mr. Murdoch was fit and proper to control a major broadcaster in the U.K. That presented Comcast’s opportunity.What Mr. Roberts said in Comcast’s regulatory statement: “We already have a strong presence in London, and Comcast intends to use Sky as a platform for our growth in Europe.”Whom to thank for the Comcast bidCritics’ corner• Paul Richards of the media research firm Numis told the FT that Comcast’s bid is a “very strong competitive offer.”• Alex DeGroote at Cenkos Securities told Bloomberg, “The market was anticipating another approach and will be pleasantly surprised.”Market reactionComcast investors don’t seem pleasantly surprised. Shares of Comcast are down 5.2 percent. Sky’s stock popped nearly 20 percent and is now trading above Comcast’s offer.When Jerome H. Powell, the new chairman of the Federal Reserve, appears before the House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, we may see if he has mastered the art of stern but subtle disapproval.Congress has recently enacted tax cuts and spending increases that could stimulate the economy at a time when the Fed may want to tamp things down a bit.A tug of war could end up occurring between elected politicians wanting a boom to continue and a central bank that is concerned about government deficits and inflation. It is highly unlikely that Mr. Powell or any other Fed official would want to get drawn into a direct, public fight with members of Congress or the administration of President Donald Trump.So, how might Mr. Powell express concern about loose government fiscal policies? He can talk about Congress’s stimulus as just one of many factors that can have an impact on the Fed’s mission of creating the economic conditions for maximum employment and stable prices. In other words, he could depersonalize any tensions, and imply that concern about spending and deficits is just the Fed doing its job. And in his prepared testimony for the hearing, Mr. Powell noted the stimulus from fiscal policy.(F.O.M.C. is the Federal Open Market Committee, the committee that sets monetary policy, while P.C.E. price inflation is the Fed’s preferred measure of prices, derived from a survey of personal consumption expenditures conducted by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.)Update from the hearingIn this testimony before the House committee on Tuesday, Mr. Powell took some questions about the recent loosening of fiscal policy, and how the Fed might respond.He followed the careful path outlined above. On the one hand, he noted that government finances can have an impact on economic conditions, saying: “Fiscal policy changes can have an effect.” He also said: “We really need to get on a sustainable fiscal path, and the time for doing that is now.”On the other hand, Mr. Powell said the Fed did not want to directly interfere in government spending decisions. “We don’t do fiscal policy at the Fed,” he said.— Peter EavisThat’s according to GeekWire and confirmed by CNBC.The details• “Ring has raised $209 million so far and was last valued at $760 million, according to Pitchbook.”• Amazon’s Alexa Fund, which invests in startups that make Alexa compatible devices, was an investor.• Amazon plans to have Ring operate as a separate business, much as Zappos and Twitch do.Howard Schultz, the founder and executive chairman of Starbox, said during an interview with Fox Business that he is not running for president. Here’s the transcript via Dan Primack of AxiosMs. Bartiromo, then, followed up with:Mr. Schultz is one of a number of business executives and celebrities long speculated to be considering a run for president in 2020. The list has included Oprah Winfrey, Mark Cuban, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan, Bob Iger of Disney and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook.On other topics• Taxes: “We are robbing from the future of young people in America who ultimately are going to have to pay for a $21 trillion tax deficit,” Mr. Schultz said.• Real Estate: “Over the last few weeks, I have been in a number of U.S. cities and observed firsthand the abundance of empty storefronts across the country, in prime A1 locations. We are at a major inflection point as landlords across the country will be forced (sooner than later) to permanently lower rent rates to adjust to the ‘new norm,’” Mr. Schultz said.The tweet from Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle of Georgia, Delta’s home state, shows that it isn’t easy for companies to find a balance between those who want corporate America to push for more gun control and those who think conservatives are being unfairly maligned.By eliminating discounted fares for N.R.A. members, the airline has stirred up Georgia Republican opposition to a lucrative tax break that had substantial support only days ago. Also in that category: FedEx, which is keeping its discounts for N.R.A. members while expressing support for banning assault rifles for civilians.As Matt Pearce of the LAT put it, “It’s getting harder and harder to find neutral territory in America’s raging gun-control debate.”Elsewhere in guns and money: If you have a 401(k), you’re probably invested in a gun maker. An argument for Silicon Valley to advance smart-gun tech. And Warren Buffett thinks it would be “ridiculous” for Berkshire Hathaway to boycott gun makers.The policy flyaround• Six Republican leaders in Congress say they don’t plan to dig into President Trump’s finances as part of their investigation into Russian election interference. (CNN)• The Supreme Court declined the Trump administration’s request to shut down DACA while lower courts explore the issue. (NYT)• The European Commission will withdraw its complaint against Ireland for not recovering $16 billion in unpaid taxes from Apple, but only if the country recovers the amount in full. (CNBC)The government panel known as Cfius, which reviews deals for national security reasons, has taken the rare step of looking at a potential combination before the chip makers have even agreed on a deal, Reuters reported, citing unnamed sources. Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, urged the review.If Cfius intervenes, it would sidestep Broadcom’s move to relocate its headquarters to the U.S., which critics said was aimed in part at preventing such a review. (Broadcom’s C.E.O., Hock Tan, said the redomiciling would happen even if the deal didn’t go through.)More from Diane Bartz of Reuters:More in the chip battle: Qualcomm says that it’s willing to keep talking, but Broadcom called the outreach “feigned engagement.” Qualcomm reportedly wants more than $90 a share; the current offer is $79 a share.• The investment decisions of SoftBank’s Masa Son befuddle even his own directors. Meanwhile, a senior SoftBank executive confirmed that the company was weighing a spinoff of its Japanese mobile phone unit.• Liberty Media has offered to invest $1.16 billion in iHeartMedia, the troubled radio broadcasting giant, in exchange for a 40 percent stake in the company after it reorganizes its debts in bankruptcy court. (WSJ)• Microchip Technology is reportedly in advanced talks to buy its fellow chip maker Microsemi, whose market value as of yesterday was $7.5 billion. (WSJ)• The jobs site Glassdoor is interviewing banks to advise on an I.P.O. that could come in the second half of this year, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• The activist fund Legion Partners wants the retailer Genesco to sell more more businesses — or face a board fight, unnamed sources say. (Reuters)• Why your investment banker may not be faithful, as detailed in a court fight over the sale of Aruba Networks to H.P. (FT)That’s what Larry Hutcher, a corporate lawyer at Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, said of the last-minute turmoil that sank an investor group’s bid for The Weinstein Company and led the embattled studio to plan a corporate bankruptcy filing.Brooks Barnes of the NYT traced how the deal fell apart, including the investors’ mistake in not holding talks with the New York attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, earlier in the process and the belated firing of the studio’s president, David Glasser.More in corporate misconduct: Expect New York officials to continue agitating for change at the Weinstein Company and Wynn Resorts.Beijing’s takeover of the troubled Anbang Insurance Group is another sign that deal making by that country’s moguls is slowing to a halt. It’s not just the Chinese government’s fears of overspending by homegrown businesses, but also growing skepticism from officials in the United States and elsewhere.More from Alexandra Stevenson of the NYT:More on Anbang: Is its takeover China’s “too big to fail” moment? And expect Beijing to need to bail out other indebted Chinese companies.The China flyaround• Meet Liu He, the man President Xi Jinping plans to name as overseer of China’s financial and industrial sectors. (WSJ)• HNA Group is setting up $3.2 billion worth of investment funds to support China’s One Belt, One Road infrastructure campaign. (Bloomberg)• Alibaba is in talks to buy Ele.me, a food delivery start-up, at a valuation of more than $9.5 billion, unidentified sources say. (FT)• Why Daimler’s works council wasn’t worried about Geely becoming the carmaker’s biggest investor. (Bloomberg)Why is Circle reportedly buying the digital token exchange Polloniex for about $400 million? According to Nathaniel Popper of the NYT, it’s to become the U.S.’s first regulated digital money exchange.From his must-read Twitter thread:The virtual currency flyaround• 50 Cent never actually owned Bitcoin. (The Blast)• Venture capitalists should worry about missing initial coin offerings, according to Tim Draper. (The Information)• BlackRock says that investors jumping into digital money should be prepared to lose everything. (CNBC)• A man who claimed to have invented Bitcoin is accused of stealing more than $5 billion worth of assets from the estate of a late colleague. (Bloomberg)• Virtual currencies are making divorces more difficult. (Bloomberg)• JD.com of China has founded an accelerator for artificial intelligence and blockchain start-ups. (TechCrunch)• G.E. has named three new directors — H. Lawrence Culp, the former C.E.O. of Danaher; Thomas Horton, the former C.E.O. of American Airlines; and Leslie Seidman, the former chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board — as the conglomerate continues toiling on its self-help plan. (WSJ)• Rothschild’s chairman, David de Rothschild, is turning over leadership of the investment bank to his 37-year-old son, Alexandre. (FT)• Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, UBS and Barclays all added more employees last year amid a turnaround in European investment banking. (FT)• Apple is preparing to start a network of medical clinics for its employees and their families that could help it test out its broader ambitions in health care. (FT)• It is also preparing to release three new smartphones this year: the largest iPhone ever, an upgraded version of the iPhone X and a less expensive model. (Bloomberg)• California’s Department of Motor Vehicles said it was eliminating a requirement for autonomous vehicles to have a person in the driver’s seat. (NYT)• Netflix spends more on non-sports content than any streaming provider and many traditional TV companies. (Recode)• Hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans lack power more than five months after a hurricane hit the island, but the federal government has begun scaling back the number of electrical restoration contractors. (NYT)• Companies want to know how climate change might disrupt their operations, but with governments slow to make information available, start-ups have tried to fill the gap. (NYT)• JPMorgan said its female employees earn 99 percent of what male employees make in Britain, but the number is based on the bank’s methodology for determining what pay is appropriate. (BloombergView)• Goldman Sachs is considering a sale-leaseback of its new European headquarters in London. The building could sell for more than $1.4 billion, according to unidentified sources. (Bloomberg)• Deutsche Bank is expanding in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates as the lender expects sovereign bond sales and initial public offerings to drive deals this year. (Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Friday. Here’s what we’re watching:• How many ways has Wells Fargo been penalized?• Stocks had their worst day since Brexit.• Jon Huntsman Sr. has died.• Wage growth picks up.• What Apple had to say about big-ticket M.&A.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The penalties that the Federal Reserve meted out today — replacing four directors and limiting the bank’s growth — are big. But they’re also just the latest in a series of rebukes amid scandals over the lender’s practices over the years.To recap:• Wells Fargo was hit by a record $185 million fine for fraudulently opening customer accounts to churn up fees.• President Trump, who had promised to rein in the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (one of the regulators that had punished Wells Fargo) said that the agency’s fines against the lender would not be reduced.• The bank offered refunds to mortgage customers who were improperly charged fees.• The bank’s C.E.O. at the time, John Stumpf, was effectively ousted.• About $75 million of compensation was clawed back from Mr. Stumpf and the former head of community banking, Carrie Tolstedt.What the Fed said in its statement today:And here’s what Janet Yellen, in one of her final acts as Fed chairwoman, said of the latest punishments for Wells Fargo:Shares in Wells Fargo were down nearly 6 percent in after-hours trading.In a lengthy news release, the bank outlined a number of steps that it will take to satisfy the regulator’s demands.Among them:• Submitting plans to further improve both corporate governance and compliance operations• Have third parties conduct reviews of those plans and how well they work• Having another third party review risk management practices after the Fed’s limit on asset growth is removedHere’s what Tim Sloan, Wells Fargo’s C.E.O., said:Peter Grauer, the chairman of Bloomberg L.P., disclosed today that he was stepping down as a director of the Blackstone Group. We can think of 20 billion reasons why.Rising anxiety over inflation and rising rates sent the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 666 points, or 2.5 percent, its biggest one-day drop since the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union.The S&P 500 fell 2.1 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite was down 2 percent.The plunge marked a stark shift in investor sentiment. Stocks have glided higher for two years, lifted by solid economic growth and corporate profits, low interest rates and few signs of inflation.That smooth ride might now be ending.Climbing bond yields have weighed heavily on stocks this week. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury finished at 2.85 percent Friday, up from 2.66 percent a week ago, and at its highest level in four years. The Dow industrials finished the week off 4.1 percent, its biggest drop since January 2016.By historical standards, Friday’s sell-off falls well short of some of history’s biggest. In fact, it doesn’t even crack the top 1,000, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Here are the top five:1) -23.52 percent (12/12/1914)2) -22.61 percent (10/19/1987)3) -12.82 percent (10/28/1929)4) -11.73 percent (10/29/1929)5) -9.92 percent (11/06/1929)Mr. Huntsman died this afternoon at the age of 80, according to the Salt Lake Tribune. He had been diagnosed with prostate cancer.He built his fortunes — and his family’s power within the state of Utah — thanks to the fortunate marriage of chemicals and fast food. His chemical company won a contract to create a foam clamshell container for McDonald’s Big Mac, a business win that turned Huntsman into an industrial powerhouse.He later turned to philanthropy, and in particular support for cancer research. He also was a founder of Huntsman Gay Global Capital, a private equity firm known today as HGGC.Mr. Huntsman is survived by his children, including Jon Huntsman Jr., the former Utah governor and presidential candidate, and Peter Huntsman, who now runs the Huntsman chemical company.The United States economy added 200,000 jobs last month, above the 180,000 Wall Street economists had expected, with strong job growth continuing in January.The numbers: • The unemployment rate was at 4.1 percent, the same as in December and the lowest since 2000.• Average earnings rose by 9 cents an hour and are up 2.9 percent over the past year.• Revisions in the November and December figures produced a net loss of 24,000 jobs.The bigger pictureEconomists warned about reading too much into January’s strong wage numbers — several times during the recovery, wage growth has appeared to accelerate, only to fall back to earth. But they said there was little doubt that the latest numbers were an encouraging sign.Critics’ corner• “Wage gains for non-supervisory workers is less headline worthy, being 2.4% Y/Y, but the underlying trend is still up. Greater growth in lower wage industries remains the underpinning of the jobs market,” Steven Blitz of TS Lombard writes.• “In a rational world, this would be a major inflection point stimulating profound public debate, Congressional hearings and a Presidential commission to map out possible policy paths in an age of Artificial Intelligence. Instead all we get is an already tired juvenile discussion around who gets political credit for the secular improvement in job creation and the economy,” Joseph Brusuelas of RSM US writes.The computer maker said it is considering an initial public offering or a combination with its publicly held subsidiary VMware, Reuters reported.The reasons• Dell is under pressure to increase profits after its debt-laden, $67 billion acquisition of the data-storage provider EMC Corporation in 2016.• It faces increased competition in its core hardware businesses and from cloud-based services provided by Amazon, Microsoft and others.The context• Dell went private five years ago in a $24.9 billion deal with private equity firm Silver Lake Partners.• In 2016, Dell bought EMC for $67 billion. EMC owned 81 percent of VMware, which was publicly traded.The iPhone maker holds $269 billion in cash abroad and has said it will be bringing the vast majority of that back home thanks to the new tax law.On Thursday’s earnings conference call, the company indicated it won’t be just sitting on that pile cash either.Here’s what Luca Maestri, Apple’s chief financial officer, said:When asked about M.&A., Mr. Maestri responded:Interest rate/inflation concerns might be driving the stock market’s decline today, but Exxon Mobil isn’t helping.The stock is down 5.8 percent Friday after its earnings fell short of analysts’ expectations.Exxon’s shares have underperformed over the last 12 months even as the price oil has rebounded. The stock is 0.6 percent over the past year, compared with a 222 percent gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index.Critics’ corner• “The big question still hanging over both Exxon and Chevron is whether the Big Oil model can thrive in shale at scale and actually deliver the return on capital their model demands,” Liam Denning writes. (Gadfly)• “OPEC may be helping Big Oil stay sweet on crude for now. Last quarter’s earnings flubs, though, signal companies may have more mess to come,” Lauren Silva Laughlin writes. (Breakingviews)Both boards have agreed to form special committees to consider a merger. It’s a big step toward a reunion of the two companies, which split in 2006.The context• Shari Redstone, who with her father controls the two companies, has pushed since 2016 to bring them back together.• Disney’s deal for the bulk of 21st Century Fox has again left media companies wondering whether bigger might not only be better, but necessary.• The CBS chief, Les Moonves, is more open to a deal than the last time, though still wary.The big question: Could another company like Verizon jump in as a spoiler?Critics’ corner• Tara Lachapelle writes: “CBS isn’t safe from the industry’s broad ratings pressure and subscriber declines, which is why scale is important. Viacom won’t provide enough of it, but it will offer substantial cost-saving opportunities.” (Gadfly)• The analyst Rich Greenfield writes: “CBS needs far greater scale and a recombination with Viacom is the most logical first step, albeit only a first step with several follow-on strategic moves needed (acquisitions or merger with an even larger entity).” (BTIG)The media flyaround• BuzzFeed is in talks with the Emerson Collective, Laurene Powell Jobs’s investment vehicle, about an investment in BuzzFeed News, according to unnamed sources. (FT)• The publisher of Newsweek and the International Business Times bought website traffic and engaged in ad fraud, according to a BuzzFeed investigation. The publisher denies fraud. (BuzzFeed)The big takeaways from the big tech earnings day yesterday:• Apple sold fewer iPhones than expected in the quarter, but at higher prices, so profit was up 12 percent anyway. And it plans to spend almost all of its fabled cash hoard — perhaps on a combination of buybacks and a big deal.• Amazon more than doubled its profit from a year ago, to $1.9 billion. This was the first time its earnings have surpassed $1 billion in a quarter.• Alphabet reported a $3 billion loss, in part because of the tax law. But its results disappointed because of rising costs: It’s spending to capture market share in smartphone searches.• Alibaba’s profit rose by a third, as the Chinese internet giant offered more and better services to vendors.Critics’ corner• “Investors are warming to this less highflying but still steady version of Apple,” Shira Ovide writes. (Gadfly)• As Amazon’s third-party marketplace and ad division boom, “Some of the nearly $700 billion internet retailer’s fastest-expanding — and most profitable — businesses could be ones that irritate users,” Robert Cyran writes. (Breakingviews)• “It wouldn’t hurt Alphabet to put more energy into revenue sources that don’t start with a G,” Jennifer Saba writes. (Breakingviews)The tech flyaround• Does Aramco want to be valued as a tech company in its forthcoming I.P.O.? (WSJ)• Amazon’s patents for worker-prodding wristbands: the beginning of a dystopia? (NYT)• HQ Trivia, the game that people cooler than us are playing, is raising $15 million in a new round led by Founders Fund at a valuation of $100 million, according to unnamed sources. (Recode)Here are the numbers:• A €2.2 billion net loss for the fourth quarter• A €1.4 billion charge from the U.S. tax overhaul• A €500 million net loss for the yearWhat else has made investors unhappy:• Higher-than-expected expenses• Double-digit drops in revenue in three divisionsCritics’ corner• Michael Huenseler of Assenagon, a German asset manager, said, “The results are disappointing again and we don’t see anything encouraging in them, reinforcing our doubts in the bank’s strategy and management.” (Bloomberg)• Christopher Thompson writes, “Last month’s profit warning meant investors knew what was coming, but Deutsche still managed to give them an unpleasant surprise.” (Breakingviews)The Chinese conglomerate has about $90 billion in debt from splashing out on things like Deutsche Bank and Hilton Hotels. Its borrowing costs are going up, and asset sales are becoming necessary — it’s under the gun to find more money.Which is why it appears to be asking employees for cash, according to Alexandra Stevenson and Cao Li of the NYT:The White House adviser told Republican lawmakers at a retreat this week that infrastructure could be paid for in part by a new gas tax, according to Axios.But Jonathan Swan of Axios has heard skeptical noises:The policy flyaround• President Trump has cleared a path for House Republicans to release a contentious secret memo on the surveillance of a campaign aide, over the F.B.I.’s objections. (NYT)• And he’s pressing Democrats to strike a compromise on the young immigrants known as Dreamers. (NYT)• Jim Stewart analyzes the president’s economic claims and says it’s too early for him to declare success. (NYT)• How business is trying to step into a void left by government. (NYT)• The Trump administration’s proposal to let terminally ill patients try experimental medicines without additional liability for drug makers — known as “right to try” — excites libertarians, but has strong critics. (Politico)• The Blackstone Group and Apollo Global Management beat earnings expectations, thanks to their seemingly unstoppable fund-raising. (FT)• Steve Schwarzman of Blackstone offered this assessment of Masa Son of SoftBank: “He’s an outlier in terms of his — not to beat the phrase — vision.” (Bloomberg)• Speaking of SoftBank, executives from its Vision Fund say they have a time frame of up to 300 years. That’s not a typo. (Axios)• Elliott Management is posting printed presentations to fellow shareholders of the chip maker NXP as part of its campaign to push up Qualcomm’s takeover offer. (Reuters)• AT&T is exploring selling its data centers, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)The company’s co-founder and C.E.O., Brian Chesky, couldn’t have put it more plainly in a statement: “Let me address this directly. We are not going public in 2018.”It’s also tricky to I.P.O. without a C.F.O., and Laurence “L.T.” Tosi is leaving the company after disagreeing with Mr. Chesky over both strategy and tactics. Mr. Tosi, who previously worked at the Blackstone Group, was meant to provide Wall Street experience.Airbnb has hired an executive search firm to find a replacement, and has named Belinda Johnson, its top business operations executive, as chief operating officer.They want to avoid government oversight and show the world what a crypto-utopia looks like.More from Nellie Bowles of the NYT:Virtual currencies lost $100 billion in 24 hoursRegulators had a lot to do with it.India joined in the clampdown on Thursday, with its finance minister, Arun Jaitley, saying his government did not recognize digital money as legal tender and would “take all measures to eliminate use of these crypto-assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system.”Where Bitcoin’s at: About $8,400, having dropped nearly 14 percent over the past 24 hours, according to CoinMarketCap.com.Another source of regrets: The organizer of the North American Bitcoin Conference is sorry about hiring a strip club for a networking event.• Kazuo Hirai is stepping down as Sony’s C.E.O. after six years, but will become chairman. His old job is going to the C.F.O., Kenichiro Yoshida. (WSJ)• British officials are secretly considering a customs union deal covering trade in goods with the E.U., according to people familiar with the discussions. (FT)• The University of Pennsylvania revoked Steve Wynn’s honorary degree and stripped his name from a campus plaza and scholarship. It also revoked an honorary degree for Bill Cosby, something it had declined to do in 2015. (NYT)• The advertising agency Droga5 fired its chief creative officer, Ted Royer, after telling its staff that it had hired an outside firm to investigate him. (NYT)• The chairman of Guess, Paul Marciano, has denied any misconduct after being accused of sexual harassment by Kate Upton. (Bloomberg)• Wells Fargo agreed to disclose the gap between what it pays men and women, as well as disparities affecting minority groups. (Bloomberg)• The French dairy giant Lactalis has pulled over 7,000 tons of potentially contaminated baby formula and other powdered milk products from shelves across more than 80 countries in one of the biggest recalls of its kind, which has highlighted lax oversight and weak reporting standards. (NYT)• India plans to give half a billion poorer citizens free health care. (NYT)• Britain has been a pioneer in outsourcing public services to private contractors, but cracks in its system are becoming apparent. (NYT)• Why is pay lagging in a tight job market? Possible culprits include lower unionization, constraints on competition and automation. (NYT)• Rick Rieder, the manager of BlackRock’s Strategic Income Opportunities bond fund, wants it to be a steady winner that doesn’t take any big bets. (Bloomberg)Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Tuesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Tronc nears a deal to sell L.A. Times.• Dow surges 500 points.• Reasons not to worry about the recent sell-off.• Disney easily exceeds Wall Street’s expectations.• Snap jumps 20 percent after earnings.• Clayton: “There’s nothing that came out of this that concerns me.”• Is algorithmic trading to blame for Monday’s plunge?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The owner of The Los Angeles Times is close to a deal to sell the newspaper to Patrick Soon-Shiong, a billionaire Los Angeles doctor, two people familiar with the negotiations said Tuesday. The $500 million deal comes amid months of turmoil at The Times, including upheaval in the editorial and management ranks.The transaction would include The Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune, these people said. Dr. Soon-Shiong is a major shareholder in Tronc, the parent company of The Times.A deal could be announced as soon as Wednesday but could still fall apart, the people said. Tronc is likely to use the sale proceeds to pay down its debt.Dr. Soon-Shiong, the founder, chief executive and chairman of NantHealth, a health care company, was in a public feud last year with Michael W. Ferro Jr., Tronc’s nonexecutive chairman, as they vied to increase their stakes in the company in apparent attempts to outmaneuver each other for control.— Sydney EmberAfter days of sometimes wild moves in stock markets, investors on Wall Street refocused on the ongoing strength in the American economy as shares of consumer companies helped lead broad indexes higher.A sometimes-panicky global market sell-off — begun Monday when the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index lost more than 4 percent, its worst decline since August 2011 — dissipated through the day, and the S.&P. 500 ended Tuesday’s session up by about 1.7 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average gained about 2.3 percent.The consumer discretionary sector of the S.&P. 500 jumped by more than 2 percent, pulled higher by strength in well-known consumer-facing companies like Amazon, Netflix and Home Depot. General Motors also rose after reporting strong earnings and strong demand for its pickup trucks and SUVs.Investors appeared to reassess whether the previous day’s violent decline—the S.&P. suffered its worst decline since August 2011—reflected actual fundamentals or was merely a long-overdue outbreak of investor jitters.For months, markets seemed to sleepwalk higher, as measures of volatility—the ups and downs of stock prices—hit historically low levels. Investors appeared to grow accustomed to an economic backdrop in which growth and inflation remained lackluster, a state of affairs that ensured powerful global central banks would continue to support markets with a range of policies.But the peaceful climb ended over the past week amid worries that solid economic growth in the United States and abroad could be showing early signals of growing inflation pressure. Those concerns drove yields on long-term Treasury bonds sharply higher in recent weeks, as economic data—such as the U.S. jobs report on Friday—showed wages growing at their fastest clip in years.— Matt PhillipsThe Walt Disney Company on Tuesday became the latest prominent company to report solid earnings amidst the market turmoil. The strong numbers support the belief that plunging stock markets do not reflect weakness in the real economy.Disney made $1.89 per share in the last three months of 2017, after excluding a tax benefit. That number is 22 percent higher than the $1.55 per share earnings in the same period of 2016. It is also well in excess of the $1.61 per share that Wall Street analysts had forecast for the latest quarter.Disney did best in its parks and resorts business, which reported $1.35 billion of operating income, which was 21 percent higher than the year-earlier period. The earlier period’s results were somewhat depressed by the impact of Hurricane Matthew, Disney said. In its press release, the company noted that higher profits at its domestic parks and resorts were driven by an increase in guest spending and an increase in attendance, which underscores consumers’ willingness to spend more. On the other hand, the company said parks and resorts are dealing with higher labor costs and other expenses. That may not be lost on investors who are starting to see inflation as a threat to stock prices.— Peter EavisThe company reported earnings after the close that easily beat analysts’ expectations.The Numbers• Snap reported revenue rose 72 percent to $285.7 million, easily exceeding the $252.9 million expected by analysts.• The company lost 13 cents per share, below estimates of 16 cents a share.• Snap added 8.9 million daily active users for a total of 187 million, compared to the 184.2 million estimated.The ContextSnap’s shares have struggled since its initial public offering in March 2017. The stock fell below its I.P.O price of $17 a share last summer and has remained below that level since. If Snap’s after-hours gains hold up on Wednesday, the stock will be on the cusp of crossing back over its I.P.O. level.The stock market’s slide over the past week has given investors plenty of anxiety.Stocks have lost roughly $4 trillion in value. The Dow Jones industrial average and the S.&P. 500 endured their worst point declines in their histories Monday and their largest percentage drops since 2011. C.B.O.E. Volatility Index surged more than 100 percent Monday, the biggest increase in its history.But there are reasons investors shouldn’t get too concerned.1) Heading into the final hour of trading, the markets have rebounded strongly. The Dow has jumped 2 percent, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite are up 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent. That suggests that worst of the sell-off may be passed.2) The outlook for economic growth is strong in the United States. The American economy grew 2.6 percent in the fourth quarter and the Atlanta Fed’s GDPNow tracker forecasts a 4 percent rise in the first quarter.3) Corporate America’s bottom line is growing. With 50 percent of the companies in the S.&P. 500 having reported results, profits are on pace to grow 13.4 percent, according to FactSet. If that growth rate holds through the end of earnings, it would mark the third quarter in the past four that S.&P. 500 companies have reported a double-digit profits increase.4) The sell-off comes after a big run-up in stocks. Until Monday, the Dow and the S.&P. 500 hadn’t endured a pullback of 5 percent in more than 400 sessions. Since 1929, a 5 percent decline happens every 92 days on average, according to Goldman Sachs. So stocks were arguably due for a selloff. But it should be noted that after Monday’s declines the Dow was at levels last seen in, well, mid-December and was up more than 30 percent since the 2016 election.Strategists over at Goldman Sachs wrote:The company, founded by Elon Musk, achieved a new milestone with a successful test launch of its Falcon Heavy rocket, the most powerful rocket in operation in the world today.Here’s a video of the launch:When stock markets are plunging, sober-minded investors try to gauge the underlying strength of bellwether companies, to see whether all the selling is justified.That is why many eyes will be on the earnings of the Walt Disney Company, which reports after the close of regular trading Tuesday. If the company releases stronger-than-expected results for the three months through the end of December, it will reinforce a general sense of optimism about corporate America .Stellar results from Disney would add to a strong earnings report on Tuesday from General Motors, which helped push the company’s shares 3 percent higher. Micron Technology, a large maker of computer chips, on Monday upped its outlook for the current quarter. Its shares soared 7.7 percent on Tuesday.Though Disney is not a high growth company, its results offer insight into the strength of consumer spending. As a result, if the company reports earnings that are below the forecasts of Wall Street analysts, it may add to the unease among investors..The numbers to watch: Analysts expect Disney to earn $1.61 per share, and take in $15.44 billion in revenue in the quarter, according to data from Bloomberg.Of course, a lot more companies are going to have to report strong earnings to convince investors to jump back into the stock market. One of the reasons that stocks rallied in recent months is that analysts are expecting a 20-percent plus jump in profits in 2018, an eye-popping rise. The more large companies that hit their numbers in this earnings season, the more likely the stock market will find a floor.— Peter EavisAt a hearing of the Senate banking committee on Tuesday, Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama asked the heads of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission about the market turmoil.“Is this perhaps more than an ordinary correction?” Mr. Shelby asked.Jay Clayton, the chairman of the S.E.C. said that he could not tell what had caused the big declines, but he said that the market infrastructure had held up well under the strain of heavy trading.“As I sit here today, there’s nothing that came out of this that concerns me,” Mr. Clayton said.Christopher Giancarlo, the chairman of the C.F.T.C. said that his staff had a late night on Monday checking in with all the exchanges, and had not heard anything that concerned them.“The system worked as it was designed to do,” he said.— Nathaniel PopperFollowing a House Financial Services Committee hearing, Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, said that he has been in touch with market participants this week and that they are reacting in an orderly fashion and that there are no liquidity problems. He said it was possible that algorithmic trading was partially responsible for the recent volatility in the stock market.“I have heard from others that it has played a role, as there’s more programmed trading, this tends to have volatility in both directions,” he said.Despite that volatility, it does not appear that the Trump administration is ready to give up on the stock market as a measure of its success.“We’ve always been looking at the long-term impact of the stock market, it’s still up over 30 percent since the election and we continue to think American is a great place to do business,” Mr. Mnuchin said. “We couldn’t be happier with companies’ response with more and more investments in the U.S.”— Alan RappeportAsked about the roiled stock market at a House Financial Services Committee hearing on Tuesday, Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, said that the Trump administration was not concerned and that it remains focused on the long-term trajectory of the economy.“We are very focused on long-term economic growth, and we believe that the policies that we have enacted, including tax reform are very positive for long-term economic growth,” Mr. Mnuchin said.He said that he was closely monitoring for orderly market functioning and that there were “no systemic issues” that were reported to him.“I’m happy to report I got the green lights,” Mr. Mnuchin said.The Treasury secretary said that given how much the market has rallied in the last year, he does not think the recent drop in prices raises financial stability concerns.Asked if the Trump administration will take the blame for the recent drop in stocks after taking credit for the rally, Mr. Mnuchin demurred.“I think we’ll still claim credit for the fact that it’s up over 30 percent since the election,” he said of the stock market.— Alan RappeportWhen stock markets sell off as they have the past two trading sessions, there is often more than one cause. But one popular trade is taking a lot of blame for Monday’s plunge: short volatility.Investors had piled money into exchange-traded products designed to rise when the C.B.O.E. Volatility Index, or VIX, falls. The VIX, known as the market’s fear gauge, measures how volatile investors expect stock markets to be in the month ahead. Those wagers paid off handsomely, rising 180 percent last year as the VIX plumbed historic lows.That quickly reversed Monday. The VIX surged 117 percent in its biggest one-day jump on record and two short volatility exchange-traded product — VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short-Term Exchange Traded Note, XIV, and Next Notes S&P 500 VIX Inverse ETN — endured heavy selling.The selling led Credit Suisse to say it is going to buy back XIV and after the bank has done that it will no longer exist. Nomura also said its Next Notes “would be redeemed at a steep discount to their closing price on Monday in Asia, crystallizing large losses for investors,” the WSJ reported.From Barclays:From Morgan Stanley:From Nicholas Colas, co-founder of DataTrek Research:— Stephen GrocerStock markets around the world appear headed down for a third straight trading day, after yesterday’s 4 percent drop in the S.&P. 500. Here are the latest numbers:• Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 5 percent.• Japan’s Nikkei was down 4.7 percent.• The U.K.’s FTSE 100 was down 2 percent.• Wall Street’s “fear gauge,” the VIX, is at its highest level in two and a half years.And here’s some more context from our colleague Peter Eavis.The technical question: Has computer-driven unwinding of “Goldilocks” trades tied to peaceful market rises played a role here?The economic question: Economies are growing around the world, which is likely to mean rising wages and then, perhaps, inflation. So will central bankers have to raise rates more than previously expected?The political question: What does this mean for President Trump, who has touted stock market gains as a measure of his success?More from Ben White of Politico:There’s another way of thinking about Mr. Trump’s role, Andrew writes in his latest column:But don’t expect action from the newly sworn-in Fed chairman, Jay Powell — at least, not yet.A bit of humor, courtesy of our colleague Binyamin Appelbaum:Where Bitcoin was this morning: $6,628, down almost 16 percent over the past 24 hours, according to CoinMarketCap. Ethereum’s Ether and Ripple’s XRP fell by double digits, too.What’s happening: Regulators are clamping down on digital money, and scams and hacks are eroding trust in it.More from Nathaniel Popper of the NYT:Next: The heads of the S.E.C. and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission are to talk Bitcoin with the Senate Banking Committee today.The House appears ready to vote on a stopgap bill; funding would otherwise expire at 12:01 a.m. on Friday.What it does: Pairs short-term funding for the government with long-term funding for the military.What it doesn’t do: Include the increase in domestic spending demanded by Democrats, particularly Senate Democrats. Nor does it address immigration, which caused last month’s shutdown (though Senators John McCain and Chris Coons have a bipartisan proposal on that).Expect more give-and-take between the two sides of Congress:Elsewhere in policy• Most of President Trump’s legal team wants to avoid letting Robert Mueller question him. (NYT)• Mr. Trump flippantly suggested that Democrats who sat through his State of the Union address stone-faced were guilty of treason. (NYT)• The House Intelligence Committee voted unanimously to release a Democratic memo tied to the investigation of a Trump campaign aide. Now it’s up to the White House. (Politico)• China is investigating U.S. sorghum exports, a move that threatens a widening trade standoff. (NYT)It depends whether AT&T’s bid for Time Warner goes through. Comcast dropped out of the running for Fox once it became clear that Rupert Murdoch would prefer a tie-up with Disney, but it is studying whether to rejoin the fray, CNBC reported.More from Alex Sherman of CNBC:Elsewhere in the deal world• Archer-Daniels Midland is in advanced talks to buy Bunge, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Kroger agreed to sell its convenience store business to the British investment firm EG Group for $2.15 billion. (FT)• Alibaba and an arm of the Chinese government have bought roughly 13 percent of Dalian Wanda’s movie business for $1.2 billion. (Bloomberg)• Midstates Petroleum offered to merge with SandRidge Energy in an all-stock deal that would create a nearly $1 billion oil company. (Reuters)• Viacom is near a deal to buy the online video conference VidCon, unnamed sources say. (Variety)• Elliott Advisors continued to push BHP Billiton to simplify its dual-listed corporate structure. (FT)• Walmart has bought a virtual reality start-up, Spatialand, for its Store No. 8 incubator unit. (Recode)That’s what Emily Chang of Bloomberg said about her reporting for “Brotopia,” her forthcoming book about the lopsided power dynamics in Silicon Valley. (NYT)The misconduct flyaround• Steve Wynn and his legal representatives set up a limited liability company solely to handle settlement funds, including $7.5 million for a manicurist who accused him of sexual assault. (WSJ)• Laurent Potdevin resigned as C.E.O. of Lululemon because, the company said, he had failed to “exemplify the highest levels of integrity and respect for one another.” (NYT)• A partner at the international law firm Baker McKenzie lost his job after allegations surfaced that he had sexually assaulted a female colleague. (FT)• Even with generous social policies, women in Scandinavia are still paid less than men, because they spend more time on child-rearing. (NYT)The venture firm, which has invested in the likes of Groupon, Dollar Shave Club and Nutanix, has closed both its 12th venture fund, at $800 million, and its latest side fund for later-stage deals, at $450 million. (It also promoted Morad Elhafed to general partner.)Battery’s latest investment focuses include big data, cloud and A.I. software, and consumer internet apps.From Michael Brown, a Battery general partner:The tech flyaround• The Uber-Waymo trial began with dueling sports metaphors. (NYT)• Meanwhile, Uber is working on its relationship with drivers. (Recode)• Isaac Choi, who was C.E.O. of the failed start-up WrkRiot, has pleaded guilty to defrauding employees. (Axios)• American and British lawmakers will convene to discuss their respective inquiries into social media’s impact on elections. (Axios)• Facebook is hiring an “extraterrestrial product manager” to oversee an aerospace initiative. (CNBC)• Hudson’s Bay, the parent of Saks and Lord & Taylor, has hired a new C.E.O.: Helena Foulkes, the president of CVS’s pharmacy division. (NYT)• So has Avon: Jan Zijderveld, most recently the head of Unilever’s European business. (FT)• President Trump plans to nominate Charles Rettig, a tax lawyer, to lead the I.R.S. (WSJ)• Stephen Friend, a co-founder of Sage Bionetworks who joined Apple’s health care team, has left the tech giant. (CNBC)• Marco Santori, a partner at the law firm Cooley and an expert in initial coin offerings, has joined the virtual currency start-up Blockchain as its chief legal officer. (Axios)• Saudi Arabia is trying to untie itself from oil and tie itself to one of its other natural resources: sunlight. (NYT)• Renée James, a former No. 2 at Intel, is taking aim at the company’s most lucrative business, which she helped to build. (NYT)• Two top editors and a reporter at Newsweek were fired on Monday in a purge that targeted employees involved in covering the company’s financial and legal troubles. (NYT)• Melvyn I. Weiss, whose class-action lawsuits made him a pariah to corporate America, a hero to plaintiffs, a catalyst for legal protections of investors and consumers and finally a felon, died on Friday at 82. (NYT)• Romana Acosta Bañuelos, the U.S. treasurer under President Nixon, has died at 92. (NYT)• A lunch for Oscar nominees attracted protests over the lack of Hispanic characters in movies. (NYT)• James Gorman, asked to rate his time leading Morgan Stanley, gave himself an A-minus. (Bloomberg)Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.The Learning Network runs challenges for teenagers all year long, but when we announce a new one, it’s always with trepidation. Will it be too hard? Have we been clear enough about what we’re looking for? Will anyone out there actually take the time to do it?Well, in the case of the challenge we announced in December — to connect something you’re studying in school with the world today — we needn’t have worried. Over 1,200 students suggested interesting thematic links between recent Times articles and literary, historical and scientific texts and topics like “Their Eyes Were Watching God,” “Walden,” the Chinese Exclusion Act, the Chandrasekhar Limit and the California gold rush.Some texts came up so often that, if you’re a teacher currently working with any of them, you could do worse than to search this post to find the many and varied ways students see their resonance. “Brave New World,” “Fahrenheit 451,” “The Prince,” “1984,” "Othello” and “Macbeth” are in that category.Certain issues in the news also appeared in all kinds of contexts. The #MeToo movement reminded students of literature like “Jane Eyre” and “The Handmaid’s Tale,” but one student also thought Newton’s first two laws of motion applied, while another saw an analogy to the rock cycle in geology. Participants discovered that fake news is old news, with clear parallels in the plots of “The Crucible” and “The Great Gatsby.” President Trump was compared to literary characters including Macbeth and Grendel, and his policies were invoked in examining topics as varied as “The Scarlet Letter” and the Indian Removal Act.Below, in alphabetical order, is a list of winners, runners-up and honorable mentions, including full essays by our top eight winners. All told, the list represents the work of 50 students, more than we usually call out in our contests. But not only were there simply that many ideas we wanted to honor, we also think the variety and originality of the choices speak for themselves: Any future student who wonders what school-assigned reading has to do with “the real world” only has to look at this list to see how easy it is to answer that question.Zoe Georgulas, 17, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “Thought Control, Trump-Style”Samantha Jones, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Walden” and “Dropping Out of College Into Life”Lily Langrind, 17, Concord Carlisle High School: “White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack” by Peggy McIntosh and “Checking My Male Privilege”Alicia Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Will America Choose King’s Dream or Trump’s Nightmare?”Katherine LoBue, 16, Mamaroneck High School: “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” by Mark Twain and “The Other Inconvenient Truth”Ayden Nichol, 17, Concord-Carlisle Regional High School: “The Merchant of Venice” and “Louisiana’s Big Step on Justice Reform”Isabella Picillo, 17, Oceanside High School: “The Scarlet Letter” and “Judge Partially Lifts Trump Administration Ban on Refugees”Sayali Shelke, 19, Texas A&M University: Stereotype threat and “Careers for Women in Technology Companies Are a Global Challenge”Update, Feb. 27: Several readers have asked to learn more about the connections students made, so we’ve added a short excerpt from the work of each runner-up._________ Andrea B., 17, St. Ignatius College Prep: “Beowulf” and “‘Wonder Woman’ Could Be the Superhero Women in Hollywood Need”Sofie Brutsaert, 15, Jamesville-DeWitt High School: The Stanford Prison Experiment and “ESPN Fires Donovan McNabb and Eric Davis After Lawsuit”Sharanya Datta, 14, Biotechnology High School: “The Crucible” by Arthur Miller and “‘Fake News’: Wide Reach but Little Impact, Study Suggests”Ian Derushia, 15, Hoggard High School: Genghis Khan and “What Experts Know About Men Who Rape”Kendall Dunn, 18, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “My Year of No Shopping”Jackson Edwards, Wesley Gow, Jack Trent, Jaya Krishnan, 17, St. John’s School: “Invisible Man” and “A Rebel, a Warrior and a Race Fiend”Sera Eviner, 16, Oceanside High School: Newton’s Laws and “The #MeToo Moment: No Longer Complicit”Shane George, 15, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jeong-In Ha, 16, Bergen County Academies: “Troilus and Cressida” by William Shakespeare and “Japan Balks at Calls for New Apology to South Korea Over ‘Comfort Women’”Betsy Jenifer, 18, Women’s Christian College: “Doctor Faustus” by Christopher Marlowe and “You’ll Never Be Famous — And That’s O.K.”Victoria Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “The Heartbeat of Racism Is Denial”Zoe Maisel, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The History Teacher” by Billy Collins and “‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ Removed From School in Mississippi”Emily Pinheiro, 16, Arlington High School: Foreign-language study in school and “Thousands Once Spoke His Language in the Amazon. Now, He’s the Only One.”Izi Potter, 18, University of Oregon: “The Blank Page” by Karen Blixen and “My Worst Columns”Andrew Reilly, 18, South Forsyth High School: “Tulip Mania” in 17th century Holland and BitcoinJulia Swicionis, 16, Saint Ignatius College Prep: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “Mueller’s Facts and Trump’s Make-Believe”Abby VanLonkhuyzen, 16, Yarmouth High School: The Chinese Exclusion Act and “Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries”Anushka Agarwal, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Evaluating Sources in a ‘Post-Truth’ World: Ideas for Teaching and Learning About Fake News”Troy Barlow, 16, Duxbury High School: “David Copperfield” by Charles Dickens and “Teacher Arrested at School Board Meeting After Questioning Superintendent Contract”Alexis Batista, Jonathan Ricaldy, Lleayem Nazario-Johnson, Oleg Kamen, 18, Classical High School: “1984” by George Orwell and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Robert Biehler, 17, Cosby High School: The Civil War and “F.C.C. Plans Net Neutrality Repeal in a Victory for Telecoms”Margarita Bogdanova-Shapkina, 15, Oceanside High School: The Industrial Revolution and “Hard-Liners and Reformers Tapped Iranians’ Ire. Now, Both Are Protest Targets”Bronwyn, Jack, Landon, 16, Greenwood College School: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “To Make Prisons ‘Safer,’ Some Are Banning … Books”Elizabeth Buerkle, 14, Oceanside High School: Orchestra class arrangements for modern music and “A Symphony Breathes Life Into 400 Broken School Instruments”Avery Crumlish and Isabel Benson, 14, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The geology concept of the rock cycle and “The Best Era for Working Women Was 20 Years Ago”Nathan Davidov, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “10 Ways to Love Better”Diego Diaz, 17, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “When Elites Get a Taste of Their Own Medicine”Sawyer Doeg, 13, Asheville Catholic: The Indian Removal Act and “Trump Slashes Size of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Monuments”Odin Doolittle, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Wretched of the Earth” by Franz Fannon and “Rohingya Militants in Myanmar Claim Responsibility for Attack”Nathanie Doralus, 16, Wekiva High School: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “The Warp-Speed Presidency”Jeric Duro, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Air Force General Addresses Racial Slurs on Campus: ‘You Should Be Outraged’”Isabella Eckler, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Britney Ellman, 16, Arlington High School: Women’s rights movements in the Antebellum period and “How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left”Stacy Fernandes, 18, Eunoia Junior College: “Woman in Mind” by Alan Ayckbourn and “When ‘Not Guilty’ Is a Life Sentence”Katrina Fisher, 18, New Tech High at Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “In Breakthrough, Scientists Edit a Dangerous Mutation From Genes in Human Embryos”Shane George, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jenny Huang, 16, North Carolina School of Science and Math: “The Yellow Wallpaper” by Charlotte Perkins Gilman and “The Reckoning: Women and Power in the Workplace”Marcel Johnican, 17, CICS Ralph Ellison: “Their Eyes Were Watching God” by Zora Neale Hurston and this photographMorgan Lafont, 16, Garden City High School: “Frankenstein” by Mary Shelley and “How Evil Is Tech?”Laura Liao, 14, West Windsor Plainsboro High School North: “Jane Eyre” by Charlotte Brontë and “At the Golden Globes, Stars and Their Activist Guests Talk About Why They Fight”Sarah Lyons, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Danger of a Single Story” by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and “Seeing Danger in a Face”Emme Magliato, 16, Arlington High School: Injustice to Native Americans and the doctrine of Manifest Destiny and “Trump Is Vandalizing Our Wild Heritage”Vidhisha Mahesh, 16, Folsom High School: “Hamlet” by William Shakespeare and “How the Myth of the Artistic Genius Excuses the Abuse of Women”Colin Mangan, 16, Oceanside High School: Election and presidency of Andrew Jackson and “The Glory of Democracy”Caitlin McCarthy, 17, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “The World Celebrates New Year’s Eve”Sofia Olivares, 15: Climate change and “No One Is Coming to Save Us From Trump’s Racism”Sarina Patel, 14, C. Leon King High School: The French Revolution and “Open Letter From Time’s Up”Katie Remaklus, 16, The Seven Hills School: “Beowulf” and “Trump’s Twitter Threats Put American Credibility on the Line”Olivia Rockrohr, 17, Arlington High School: The California gold rush and “Google’s War Over the Sexes”Dylan Rosenthal, 16, North Broward Preparatory School: “Twelfth Night” by William Shakespeare and “With Manicures and Makeup, Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Line Between Pink and Blue”Santhosh Saravanan, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The Namesake” by Jhumpa Lahiri and “Finding Myself Through My College Major”Ardi Saunders, 17, New Tech High School @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “Free Speech, Personified”Caitlin Terpstra, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission and “After the Pain, a Chance to Meet and Forgive”Sophie Tully, 16, Cosby High School: The 1848 Seneca Falls Convention and “Amber Tamblyn: Redefining the Red Carpet”Crystella Wagner, 16, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “Stalin, Hitler and the Temptations of Totalitarianism”Anne-Kinsey Wash and Claire McCann, 13, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The 1885-1908 rubber craze in Congo and “Apple Report Expects New iPhones to Jump-Start Growth”Emma Wigington, 17, South Forsyth High School: “Southern Cop” by Sterling Brown and “When Will Black Lives Matter in St. Louis?”Sydney Yan, 15, Biotechnology High School: The Chandrasekhar Limit (the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star) and “American Dreamers”_________• The lesson plan that accompanied this challenge: Making It Relevant: Helping Students Connect Their Studies to the World Today• Our Text to Text series, in which The Learning Network matches often-taught literary, historical and scientific texts with Times articles past and present.• Our on-demand webinar, “Ripped From the Headlines and Applied to the Classics: Pairing Often-Taught Literary and History Texts With Times Articles and Multimedia,” which explores more ideas for helping students make connections like these._________Thank you, as always, to the teachers and students who took the time to participate. Teachers, if you’re interested, please let us know how you used the challenge in your class by writing to LNFeedback@nytimes.comThank you also to our judges, who included Learning Network staff Shannon Doyne, Caroline Gilpin, Michael Gonchar and Natalie Proulx, as well as teacher-contributors to our site, Amanda Christy Brown and Annissa Hambouz. 