An eon or two ago, Eastman Kodak was a bleeding-edge technology company. It hired the smartest engineers and put them to work racking up patents, pioneering new chemical processes and building a globe-spanning camera and film business that, at its peak, employed 145,000 people.But the digital photo age passed Kodak by, and today, the Rochester, N.Y., company exists mostly in the past tense. Many of the patents have been sold, buildings have been rented out or demolished, and the company has continued to shrink since it filed for bankruptcy in 2012.Now, the 130-year-old company is trying an unlikely sort of comeback — one built by betting on cryptocurrency. It’s a bold gamble that has excited some investors, perplexed others and raised questions about how closely Kodak vetted its cryptocurrency business partners, who now include a paparazzi photo agency, a penny-stock promoter and a company offering what has been called a “magic money making machine.”This month, Kodak lent its name to a digital currency called KodakCoin, which is billed as “a photo-centric cryptocurrency to empower photographers and agencies to take greater control in image rights management.” The basic idea behind KodakCoin is to use the blockchain to help photographers manage their collections by creating permanent, immutable records of ownership. The company also struck a licensing deal for a Bitcoin-mining computer called the Kodak KashMiner, which allows users to generate their own cryptocurrency.Kodak’s stock rose more than 200 percent following the announcements, and has not fallen much since.That’s partly because the blockchain — the mathematical ledger system that forms the basis of digital currencies — has a kind of talismanic effect in today’s stock market. As investors seek to capitalize on the popularity of currencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum, a number of struggling companies have reversed their fortunes, at least temporarily, simply by adding “blockchain” to their names or announcing a new cryptocurrency venture unrelated to their previous line of work. (The most notorious example is Long Island Iced Tea Corp., a beverage company that tripled its value overnight after it rebranded itself “Long Blockchain Corp.”)These sudden, brazen moves have also attracted the attention of regulators. In a recent speech, Jay Clayton, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said that the agency was “looking closely at the disclosures of public companies that shift their business models to capitalize on the perceived promise of distributed ledger technology.”Kodak is the most prominent old-line company to enter the cryptocurrency game so far, and maybe the most controversial. Almost immediately, critics pounced on the company’s plans, characterizing them as a desperate money grab.“It feels like a publicly traded company issuing a token to raise its stock price from the grave,” said Kyle Samani, a partner at the cryptocurrency trading firm Multicoin Capital.“I would not be sleeping very well if I was involved in this,” said Jill Carlson, a blockchain consultant.In an interview, Jeff Clarke, Kodak’s chief executive, said that the company’s blockchain ambitions were genuine. He began looking into blockchain technology last summer, he said, and realized that it could solve a perennial problem for photographers — proving ownership of their images, tracking down copyright violators, and getting paid.“This is not a dog food company that’s creating a currency,” Mr. Clarke said. “This is a real solution around digital rights management that Kodak has been involved in for many years.”In theory, photographers will be able to upload their images to a platform called KodakOne, create a blockchain-based license for each image, and use web-crawling software to scour the internet looking for copyright violations. Instead of using dollars, photographers can have clients pay them in KodakCoins.KodakCoin’s initial offering, scheduled for Wednesday, is expected to raise as much as $20 million. (On Tuesday night, KodakCoin’s website said that it would delay the offering by “several weeks” to verify the credentials of potential investors.) But there are few details about what that money will be used for, or why a similar system could not be built without the blockchain. There is also a more obvious question: Why would photographers want to be paid in digital tokens, rather than cash?In several calls with KodakCoin leaders, I couldn’t get straight answers to these questions. And KodakCoin’s white paper, a technical document that details the plans for the currency, is a 40-page mishmash of marketing buzzwords and vague diagrams, like the one below:Make no mistake: Digital rights management is a real issue for photographers, and the blockchain does, in theory, offer a compelling solution. But the specific attributes of KodakCoin present some red flags.First, despite the name, KodakCoin is not actually a Kodak project. The company behind the offering, WENN Digital, is a California-based affiliate of a British photo agency that specializes in paparazzi photo licensing. Under their licensing agreement, Kodak will not receive any direct revenue from the public offering. It will receive a minority stake in WENN Digital, 3 percent of all KodakCoins issued and a royalty on future revenue.Cameron Chell, a lead adviser to the KodakCoin project, told me that the initial offering represented a “seminal moment” for Kodak, and that the company’s interest in blockchain technology was a savvy long-term investment.“The real story is that it’s about to be a renaissance,” he said.But Mr. Chell, a Canadian entrepreneur and motivational speaker who once opened for Tony Robbins, has a troubled track record. In 1998, Mr. Chell agreed to a five-year ban from the Alberta Stock Exchange in Canada and paid a $25,000 fine in connection with a violation of the exchange’s rules. A previous company of his ended in ignominy after its chairman was  charged with fraud.Asked about these incidents, Mr. Chell said that he was “young, inexperienced and was irresponsible in my actions,” and that he had “learned a lot since 1998 and work hard to conduct myself in a manner that does not reflect that poor judgment.” A Kodak spokesman did not return a request for comment about Mr. Chell and whether it knew about the ban.Mr. Chell has refashioned himself as a blockchain expert in recent years, and KodakCoin is his biggest project so far. He is the chairman of Appcoin Innovations, which was registered as a literary agency — Redstone Literary Agents — until last year, when it became a consulting firm that provides “a turnkey set of services for companies to develop and integrate blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies,” according to securities filings.The company, which trades over the counter as a penny stock, earned no revenue in 2015 or 2016, according to S.E.C. filings. Appcoin Innovations is slated to receive 20 percent of all KodakCoins issued and a portion of the offering proceeds, a stake that could amount to millions if the offering is successful.“Once formally launched,” Mr. Chell wrote to me in an email, “the company will hopefully provide shareholders a traditional and transparent place to participate in the crypto space with projects that are regulatory compliant.”Now, about those coins. You might think that a digital currency that is trying to “democratize photography and make licensing fair to artists,” in Mr. Clarke’s words, would be easily accessible. But because of regulatory requirements, KodakCoins will be available only to so-called accredited investors in the United States. An accredited investor is defined as a person with a net worth of $1 million or more, or an annual income above $200,000.How many cryptocurrency-obsessed millionaire photographers do you know?Even if photographers do meet the requirements to participate, they could have a hard time spending their KodakCoins, or redeeming them for cash. The S.E.C. has warned that securities sold in private offerings, such as KodakCoins, may be difficult to resell — and that investors may be required to hold on to them “indefinitely.” A KodakCoin representative told me that the company believes its tokens will eventually be freely traded, and that it may issue other types of tokens in the future that will not be subject to the same restrictions.KodakCoin’s white paper says that token holders may receive other benefits, such as a share of KodakOne’s revenue and access to a “marketplace” that will allow them to spend their KodakCoins on camera equipment, studios for photo shoots, and travel expenses. But these benefits could fail to materialize.Cryptocurrency experts also do not seem impressed with the Kodak KashMiner, a Bitcoin-mining machine advertised at this year’s CES electronics trade show. According to the advertisement, users will pay $3,400 to rent the machine, a Kodak-branded computer that solves complex math equations to unlock new Bitcoin, for two years. Half the Bitcoins successfully mined with the Kashminer will go back to Spotlite, the company licensing Kodak’s name, and the user will keep the other half.Kodak hasn’t shared many details about its KashMiner deal. But renting the machines could be a hard sell. In its CES advertisement, KashMiner estimates that each renter will earn $9,000 from mining Bitcoin over the two-year contract window. Experts told me that figure was most likely inflated, because Bitcoin mining gets harder over time. And they pointed out that the KashMiner itself appears to simply be a rebranded version of a popular Bitcoin-mining machine that can be purchased outright for less than the rental cost.All of this — the origins of KodakCoin, the currency itself and the lofty claims about the KashMiner’s moneymaking potential — adds up to a big question mark, and points to the possibility that Kodak may be in over its head.“The best-case scenario is that they believe that the technology will eventually be able to deliver what they’ve pitched,” said Ms. Carlson, the blockchain consultant. “The worst-case scenario is that they are just being very opportunistic.”Mr. Clarke, Kodak’s chief executive, characterized the blockchain projects as a small part of the company’s overall strategy, and said it was “ironic” that critics were faulting Kodak for embracing a young technology like cryptocurrency, given that its past problems were caused by a failure to innovate.“This isn’t speculative,” Mr. Clarke said. “We’re taking an emerging new technology in blockchain, and we’re using it to solve a real problem.”SAN FRANCISCO — Want to get rich quick through Bitcoins or other virtual currencies? You’ll have to do it without Facebook.The social network said Tuesday that it would ban all ads for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, in order to stop promotions that it sees as “frequently associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices.”Under Facebook’s new policy, no ads from well-known digital currency exchanges or for initial coin offerings will be allowed. Among those who will be affected is James Altucher, a self-described “crypto genius” whose viral ads have become a talking point in how the cryptocurrency boom has led to scams and wild price fluctuations.Facebook’s move followed questions about whether it has done enough to protect its site from bad actors. The company has been trying to clamp down on misinformation and false news after admitting last year that Russian agents had used it to spread divisive and polarizing messages.The world of cryptocurrencies, which people have flooded into as prices soared in recent months, has also increasingly raised fears that parts of the market are dogged by scams. The Securities and Exchange Commission said Tuesday that it had halted what may have been a fraudulent initial coin offering that asked people to fund what was supposed to be the world’s first “decentralized bank.”Rob Leathern, a Facebook product management director, announced the ban on cryptocurrency ads in a blog post. He said the ban was intentionally broad, as Facebook seeks to “better detect deceptive and misleading advertising practices.”Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, has recently expressed an interest in digital currencies. In a Facebook post this month, he wrote that he was studying how to introduce cryptocurrency to his company, adding that he thought it would “take power from centralized systems and put it back into people’s hands.”SAN FRANCISCO — Recently the founder of something called Ripple briefly became richer than Mark Zuckerberg. Another day an anonymous donor set up an $86 million Bitcoin-fortune charity called the Pineapple Fund. A Tesla was spotted with a BLOCKHN license plate. There’s a surge in people looking to buy Bitcoin on their credit cards. After the Long Island Iced Tea company announced it would pivot to blockchain, its stock rose 500 percent in a day.In 2017, the cryptocurrency Bitcoin went from $830 to $19,300, and now quivers around $14,000. Ether, its main rival, started the year at less than $10, closing out 2017 at $715. Now it’s over $1,100. The wealth is intoxicating news, feverish because it seems so random. Investors trying to grok the landscape compare it to the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s, when valuations soared and it was hard to separate the Amazons and Googles from the Pets.coms and eToys.The cryptocurrency community is centered around a tightknit group of friends — developers, libertarians, Redditors and cypherpunks — who have known each other for years through meet-ups, an endless circuit of crypto conferences and internet message boards. Over long hours in anonymous group chats, San Francisco bars and Settlers of Catan game nights, they talk about how cryptocurrency will decentralize power and wealth, changing the world order.The goal may be decentralization, but the money is extremely concentrated. Coinbase has more than 13 million accounts that own cryptocurrencies. Data suggests that about 94 percent of the Bitcoin wealth is held by men, and some estimate that 95 percent of the wealth is held by 4 percent of the owners.There are only a few winners here, and, unless they lose it all, their impact going forward will be outsize.They also remember who laughed at them and when.James Spediacci and his twin brother, Julian, who bought ether when it was about 30 cents, now run one of the most popular whale clubs: private cryptocurrency trading communities where crypto syndicates are coordinated in group chats. He showed me a screen shot of his Facebook post from 2014 telling everyone to buy ether.“One like,” he said, pointing to his phone. “It got one like.”Whether it’s all built on sand or not, the crypto castle has risen. There’s an actual house called the Crypto Castle, and the king is Jeremy Gardner, 25, a rakish young investor with a hedge fund who has become the de facto tour guide for crypto newcomers.Early one afternoon, he opened a bottle of rosé while he charged half a dozen external batteries so he wouldn’t have to ever plug in his phone in Ibiza, Spain, the next week.“I do I.C.O.s. It’s my thing,” he said. He wore a pink button-front and pink pants. “It’s me, a couple V.C.s and a lot of charlatans.”An initial coin offering is a way to raise money: A company creates its own cryptocurrency and investors buy into the new coin, without actually buying a stake in the company. Mr. Gardner led an I.C.O. for his start-up Augur, creating an “Augur token” that he then sold to raise real world money. These tokens sold fast, and it is one of the forces that kicked off this boom. For a time, the value of Augur, a market-forecasting start-up with few customers, exceeded $1 billion.About eight people live in the Crypto Castle on any given night, and some of Mr. Gardner’s tenants brought out snacks (Cheez-Its and a jar of Nutella). One of the bedrooms has a stripper pole. Mr. Gardner leaned back into the sofa and rested his feet on the table. He recently did an I.C.O. for a start-up after-party. “You can I.C.O. anything,” he said. He runs Distributed, a 180-page magazine about cryptocurrency that comes out about once a year. He is now raising $75 million for his hedge fund, Ausum Ventures (pronounced “awesome”). He said his closest friends are moving to Puerto Rico to get around paying taxes.“They’re going to build a modern-day Atlantis out there,” he said. “But for me, it’s too early in my career to check out.”He wears a bracelet from his Burning Man camp (Mayan Warrior) and a necklace that is a key on a chain. “I was given this necklace and was told my net worth would go up, and it’s gone up six x since then,” he said.He drew a chart to explain the crypto community: 20 percent for ideology, 60 percent for the tech and 100 percent for the money, he said, drawing a circle around it all.A roommate on the sofa perked up and asked if he’d ever invest in his lucid dreams start-up (the idea is a headpiece that induces them). Mr. Gardner did not seem impressed: “Probably not,” he said. A reality show wants to follow him around, but he’s skeptical that it can add to his life.“I literally have a date with Bella Hadid not having a reality show,” he said.A few weeks after we first met, as the Bitcoin price exploded in December, Mr. Gardner seemed shaken. People had begun making pilgrimages to the Crypto Castle, knocking on the door, hoping Mr. Gardner could help them invest.“Nothing feels real, it doesn’t feel real,” he said. “I’m ready for crypto assets to go down 90 percent. I’ll feel better then, I think. This has been too insane.”Nearby is a building residents call the Crypto Crackhouse.Grant Hummer, who runs the San Francisco Ethereum Meetup, lives there. Long hallways called Bitcoin Boulevard and Ethereum Alley lead to communal bathrooms. Mr. Hummer and his co-founder committed $40 million of their own crypto-made money to their new $100 million hedge fund, Chromatic Capital.“My neurons are fried from all the volatility,” Mr. Hummer said. “I don’t even care at this point. I’m numb to it. I’ll lose a million dollars in a day and I’m like, O.K.”His room is simple: a bed, a futon, a TV on a mostly empty media console, three keyboard cleaning sprays and a half dozen canisters of Lysol wipes. His T-shirt read, ‘The Lizard of Wall Street,’ with a picture of a lizard in a suit, dollar-sign necklaces around its neck. He carries with him a coin that reads, “memento mori,” to remind himself he can die any day. He sees the boom as part of a global apocalypse.“The worse regular civilization does and the less you trust, the better crypto does,” Mr. Hummer said. "It’s almost like the ultimate short trade.”Mr. Hummer went out to meet Joe Buttram, 27, for drinks. As a mixed martial arts fighter, Mr. Buttram said he would fight for a couple hundred bucks, sometimes a few thousand, and worked security at a start-up, but his main hobbies were reading 4chan and buying vintage pornography, passions that exposed him to cryptocurrency.He said his holdings are into double-digit millions but wouldn’t give specifics other than to say he’d quit his job and is starting a hedge fund. There’s a common paranoia among the crypto-wealthy that they’ll be targeted and robbed since there’s no bank securing the money, so many are obsessively secretive. Many say even their parents don’t know how much they’ve made. This also allows people to pretend to be wealthier than they are, of course.“It’s unforgiving,” Mr. Buttram said. “You make one mistake and it’s all gone.”They talk about buying Lamborghinis, the single acceptable way to spend money in the Ethereum cryptocurrency community. The currency’s founder frequently appears in fan art as Jesus with a Lamborghini. Mr. Buttram says he’s renting an orange Lambo for the weekend. And he wears a solid gold Bitcoin “B” necklace encrusted with diamonds that he had made. Otherwise, HODL.This is one of the core beliefs in this community: HODL, “hold” typed very fast, as if in a panic. HODL even if you feel FUD — fear, uncertainty and doubt. If you show wealth, it means you don’t really believe in the cryptocurrency revolution, a full remake of the financial system, governments and our world order that will send the price of ether up astronomically.“HODL when everyone has FUD,” Mr. Hummer said quietly, to explain why he still lives in a dorm room. “This will change civilization. This can 100 x or more from here.”He knows this is strange.“When I meet people in the normal world now, I get bored,” Mr. Hummer said. “It’s just a different level of consciousness.”The tone turns somber.“Sometimes I think about what would happen to the future if a bomb went off at one of our meetings,” Mr. Buttram said.Mr. Hummer said, “A bomb would set back civilization for years.”A few days later, Mr. Hummer was working from his co-founder’s apartment.James Fickel, 26, lives in a high-rise with a Russian blue cat called Mr. Bigglesworth. Mr. Fickel is known in the community for “going full YOLO” and investing $400,000 when Ethereum was at 80 cents. Now, with a fortune he says is in the hundreds of millions, his parents have retired and sent his younger sister to live with him.“I’m taking over her education,” Mr. Fickel said, sitting on a white leather sofa, Mr. Bigglesworth asleep in his impossibly skinny arms.Today, Mr. Fickel is outlining the endgame for cryptocurrency true believers.“It’s the entire world reorganizing itself,” Mr. Fickel said. “We could get rid of our armies because for the first time you’ll have people saying, ‘I want to vote for a global order.’ It’s the internet waking up — it’s the internet grabbing its pitchfork. That’s the blockchain.”Mr. Hummer is skeptical.“All I know is the price of ether is going to go up,” Mr. Hummer said.At a jazz bar a few days later, I run into Mr. Fickel’s personal trainer, Alan Chen, who is now running in this crypto circle. Mr. Fickel had convinced Mr. Chen to put his savings into Ethereum.“I’m retired, man,” Mr. Chen said. “I’m moving to L.A. next week. I got a penthouse on Marina del Rey.”“Don’t say I’m retired,” he added. “I’m going into business now. I’m going to use blockchain to help personal trainers.”Nearby was Chante Eliaszadeh, 22, a law student at the University of California, Berkeley, who started the Berkeley Law Blockchain group.“Obviously the bubble’s going to burst and everyone’s going to need a lawyer,” she said.At the annual San Francisco Bitcoin Meetup Party, hundreds gathered under the fluorescent lights of a co-working space, and there was a line out the door. The waiting list had to be told not to show up. Many there wore Bitcoin- and Ethereum-themed clothes from Hodlmoon, which sells unisex cryptocurrency sweaters.Those closest to the technology are the most cautious. Pieter Wuille, 33, a Bitcoin core developer, kept his backpack on as he wandered the party. He’s part of the team working to develop the Bitcoin technology.“The technology still needs time to evolve,” Mr. Wuille said. "This infusion of interest is bringing the wrong kind of attention. Some people believe Bitcoin can’t fail or this technology solves many more problems than it does. It can. And it does not.”He said everyone is asking him whether to buy Bitcoin. “I tell them I have no idea,” he said. “I don’t know!”“There’s so many people rushing into the space, if it’s a bit of speculation, I’m O.K. with that,” said the Coinbase C.E.O., Brian Armstrong, whose company has become the de facto portal for casual investors. “But we can’t guarantee the website’s going to be up exactly when you need it. Everyone needs to take a deep breath.”As the holiday party filled up, a cryptocurrency rapper called CoinDaddy — Arya Bahmanyar, 28 — was getting ready to perform.Formerly a commercial real estate agent, Mr. Bahmanyar works full time at CoinDaddy after becoming a self-described crypto-millionaire (“you think I would dress up like this if I wasn’t?”). “Right now all our entertainers come from outside crypto culture — not inside crypto, and we’ve got to change that,” he said.He pointed to his outfit — a long white fake mink coat, gold-heeled shoes — and said, “It’s gold, right? It’s gold. It’s a niche, and I’m going to fill it.”He says he is going to shoot a music video soon for a song called “Lambo Party” and another called “Cryptomom,” about “all these moms are pumping in their children’s savings accounts.”Maria Lomeli, 56, came to the party to find the people she had put a lot of trust in. A housekeeper from Pacifica, Calif., she said she had invested $12,000 in cryptocurrencies over the last few weeks after reading about it in the news.She wore running shoes and a zip-up jacket that said, “Cinemark, the best seats in town.” She worked there cleaning out theaters. Now she cleans houses. Banks, she said, were designed to steal. Taxes left her supporting a government that she felt didn’t support her.“Charges for sending money to my daughter, interest on our loans,” she said. "And then the money we pay in taxes goes to wars and whatever else they want.”She found a Bitcoin event in the city and asked people there how to buy Bitcoin on her phone. She invested $1,000. It went up. So she put in $10,000 more, she said, along with $1,000 in a currency called Litecoin. Both her children have discouraged this.“And maybe I’m going to lose it,” she said. “Maybe I’m going to keep cleaning houses. But something is telling me I can trust this generation. My instinct is telling me this is the future.”She had to leave the party early because parking downtown is expensive, she said. She zipped up her jacket and left on her own.