Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether have seeped into the public consciousness. Colleges including Duke and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are offering classes in the blockchain technology that undergirds these virtual currencies to crowds of eager students.The mania has also gotten the attention of regulators at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. But both can only look on — perhaps in horror — at what is happening. Laws adopted decades ago give the two regulators little authority to engage in oversight of the burgeoning market in cryptocurrencies.That may change if Congress can muster the political will to extend the oversight responsibilities of two agencies it has been rather hostile to in recent years. A better way may be to create a new agency — one that does not carry the baggage that the S.E.C. and C.F.T.C. do on Capitol Hill and that does not try to put the square peg of cryptocurrencies in the round holes of securities and commodities trading.At a recent hearing of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, Jay Clayton, the chairman of the S.E.C., and J. Christopher Giancarlo, the chairman of the C.F.T.C., spoke about their limited power to regulate the use of cryptocurrencies.Mr. Clayton highlighted the risks posed by cryptocurrency trading platforms that call themselves “exchanges,” which gives the impression that they are regulated like the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq. But investors using such platforms “do not receive many of the market protections that they would when transacting through broker-dealers on registered exchanges,” Mr. Clayton said. Instead, the cryptocurrency exchanges are considered “money transmission” businesses, subject to a hodgepodge of state and federal rules that provide little protection to those who use their services.There are distinctions between cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, which are not tied to a single company but instead operate more like regular money, and tokens issued by firms to help raise money in initial coin offerings, or I.C.O.s. Mr. Clayton announced a much tougher stand on that second form of virtual assets. “The structures of I.C.O.s that I have seen involve the offer and sale of securities and directly implicate the securities registration requirements,” he said. The S.E.C. has filed cases against companies making coin offerings for selling unregistered securities, and more are certainly on the way.Mr. Giancarlo explained that his agency does regulate futures contracts that are tied to cryptocurrencies, and it can police firms executing transactions involving the contracts. But he pointed out that the C.F.T.C. “does not have regulatory jurisdiction over markets or platforms conducting cash or ‘spot’ transactions in virtual currencies, or over participants on those platforms.” To reach actual trading in cryptocurrencies, Congress would have to extend its authority to cover a cash commodity market, something lawmakers have not done.Investors need protection. Virtual currency firms have seen a rash of large-scale thefts from customer accounts. An Italian cryptocurrency exchange called BitGrail reported on Saturday that tokens called Nano worth approximately $170 million had gone missing in unauthorized transactions. An exchange in Japan called Coincheck disclosed in late January that hackers had stolen $530 million from the accounts of cryptocurrency investors.Any theft can be prosecuted under a range of federal laws, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the wire fraud statute because cryptocurrencies are a form of property, even though they are intangible. But criminal prosecution is not a particularly effective weapon for battling hackers who plunder cryptocurrency wallets. Many of the exchanges are outside the United States, so finding those responsible is a challenge.Regulating the exchanges would be a significant step toward ensuring there is at least some protection for those buying and selling cryptocurrencies. That comes at a substantial cost, however, because the compliance requirements and reporting obligations for an exchange would be substantial. Operating with little government oversight has been a selling point for adherents of cryptocurrencies, but the growth in the market that has given rise to large-scale thefts and fraudulent schemes is fueling greater demand for some measure of accountability.Whether the S.E.C. or the C.F.T.C. are the best venues for this type of regulation is something Congress will have to decide. Neither agency has experience in overseeing virtual currencies, so assigning responsibility to one (or both) will require increased appropriations to develop rules and effective oversight.Perhaps a new agency is needed. The S.E.C. was created by Congress in 1934 to implement greater federal regulation of the securities markets. The creation of, say, a Cryptocurrency Exchange Commission, or C.E.C., could address a rapidly developing product that defies easy categorization without having to deal with the demands — and foibles — of an entrenched bureaucracy.PALO ALTO, Calif. — When a cryptocurrency start-up that promised to revolutionize the fruit and vegetable industry shut down last month, it left behind one word on its website: penis.When a virtual currency company called DateCoin recently tried to entice investors for its initial coin offering, it posted a Facebook ad that featured a reclining woman in a swimsuit with text over her body that read, “Touch my I.C.O.”And after the North American Bitcoin Conference in January, which highlighted 84 male speakers and three women, the official conference party was held at a Miami strip club.Virtual currencies and blockchain, the digital ledger that forms the basis of the cryptocurrencies, were intended to be democratizing and equalizing forces, buoyed by a utopian exuberance. But women who have been trying to participate in the gold rush are finding a lopsided gender divide. And some say the culture is getting worse, with the male-dominated culture buoyed by a new fleet of wealthy crypto speculators known as “blockchain bros.”That means the budding world is already in danger of looking like the rest of the technology industry, where women are decidedly a minority. Some studies estimate that women account for only 4 percent to 6 percent of blockchain investors. That imbalance matters because the early days of an industry are often when the fortunes are made — and those big winners then choose whom to invest in and what to build next, launching a cascade of consequences.Now, some early female investors and entrepreneurs are beginning to sound the alarm and push back.“Women, consider crypto,” Alexia Bonatsos, a venture capitalist, wrote on Twitter. “Otherwise the men are going to get all the wealth, again.”Some crypto leaders are now organizing events, clubs and conferences to attract women to the industry. Ms. Bonatsos spoke at one such event this month in San Francisco. And Jalak Jobanputra, founder of the start-up investment firm Future Perfect Ventures, and other blockchain developers gathered in New York this month to discuss the issue. They later announced that they would form a blockchain diversity advocacy group called the Collective Future and create a diversity pledge for crypto companies to sign as a show of commitment.“The early days are what decide the culture of an industry and who gets involved in making the decisions,” Ms. Jobanputra said. She cited the venture capitalists who funded eBay and Amazon and whom they funded next.Arianna Simpson, an early cryptocurrency investor, said the surge of interest in virtual currencies from male novices should remind women that it did not take expertise or a Ph.D. to thrive in the ecosystem.“Women always question if they’re qualified,” she said. “But look at these clowns around us.”The response to some of the events has been encouraging, some of the women said. Brit Morin, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, recently held a blockchain gathering for women that sold out in an hour. She moved the meeting to a bigger venue, where all 500 seats sold out again. So she set up a livestream for the event; that evening, 16,000 viewers joined to watch.“We have an opportunity to rebuild the financial systems,” Ms. Morin said. “Women want to be part of that.”The resistance follows increasing outrage at the lack of diversity in virtual currencies, punctuated by the sexist incidents involving DateCoin’s Facebook ad and Prodeum, the blockchain-for-fruit start-up. Neither company returned requests for comment.The gender imbalance was also on display at last month’s North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami, which was organized by a prominent investor, Moe Levin. Mr. Levin originally slated 86 men and one woman as speakers. After complaints, he replaced two of the men with women to achieve what he thought should be enough: 84 men onstage and three women.“It just coincidentally happened that there were more men than women speakers,” Mr. Levin said. “It’s not intentional not to include them. It’s just we don’t have time to include them.”When others in the cryptocurrency industry realized the conference’s after-party would be held at a strip club, they encouraged Mr. Levin to change locations. He said the strip club was the most convenient and safest venue he could find.“Downtown Miami doesn’t have a whole lot of event spaces,” Mr. Levin said. “And we needed a lot of security.”The year before, the conference’s kickoff party featured underwear-clad models — painted gold and covered in Bitcoin logos.“Moe does something just as sexist every year,” said Rose Chan, who founded the World Bank’s blockchain working group and now runs her own cryptocurrency project. “He switches it up, which actually means that he thinks about it.”One group of female investors said they had decided to boycott the conference in the future.Mr. Levin said this reaction surprised him. “There’s so many people who had a great time,” he said.At some women-in-crypto events, frustration is giving way to anger and sadness. On a recent night, about 50 young women interested in cryptocurrencies gathered at the Woman’s Club of Palo Alto. Some were engineering students at nearby Stanford University.Over wine, they shared their stories — some had been mistaken for hired models, others propositioned during job interviews, and many men had not believed they were engineers at all.Catheryne Nicholson, the chief executive of BlockCypher, which provides infrastructure for blockchain applications, explained to some of the younger women why the gender situation had deteriorated.“Now there’s a lot of money, and the men think, ‘Oh, I’m a whale now,’” she said. “They’re a little more full of themselves.”Karen Hsu, BlockCypher’s head of growth, said she thought some of the gender concerns had been overstated. She said that at a recent conference, she had been asked if she was a speaker, which was validating.“It was nice because he didn’t think I was a booth babe,” Ms. Hsu said, referring to hired models who stand near the booths of start-ups to draw the attention of conference attendees.Other women spoke about how the culture of blockchain was slowly wearing them down. Jay Graber, a developer at Zcash, a new cryptocurrency aimed at enhanced privacy, was wearing small green earrings she had made out of RAM sticks used in cryptocurrency gear. She said she had become interested in blockchain after joining the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2011, and she viewed the technology as a tool that could take power away from big central banks. Now she’s not so sure.“I never felt insecure before I got into this space,” Ms. Graber said. “But I just realized there is no one else like me. It is a very hard feeling when you don’t see anyone who is like you.”Ms. Graber said she had considered leaving the industry.“I have this perpetual sense of being on the outside of that conversation,” she said. “It’s just a general state of alienation.”MEXICO CITY — With Venezuela suffering one of the most severe economic collapses of modern times, the beleaguered administration of President Nicolás Maduro announced on Tuesday that it had begun a presale of virtual currency backed by the nation’s vast petroleum reserves.The government, which had announced plans for the new digital currency late last year, said the initiative was a response to a financial crisis marked by a profound devaluation of the national currency, the bolívar, and quadruple-digit inflation.The country is suffering desperate scarcities of food and medicine, soaring crime rates and the collapse of public services and the health system. The crisis has driven hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans to flee the country seeking a better life.The Maduro administration hopes that sales of the digital currency, known as the petro, will help its treasury pay off debt and increase imports of vitally needed goods, as well as raw materials for manufacturing.Venezuelan officials also asserted that the new digital currency — the first to be issued by a nation — would allow investors to do an end run around sanctions imposed against their country by the Trump administration. These sanctions ban the purchase in American markets of new securities issued by the Venezuelan government, and outlaw business dealings with Mr. Maduro and several top administration officials.“For big problems, big solutions,” Mr. Maduro said Tuesday night at a ceremony in Caracas. “We Venezuelans are indomitable.”He called it a “cryptocurrency to take on Superman.”But many analysts and critics of the government did not give the digital currency much hope of success.“I just think it’s a desperate move by a regime that is increasingly isolated and has an economy that has spiraled out of its control,” said Cynthia J. Arnson, director of the Latin American Program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.The Venezuelan government has said the value of the petro will be tied in some way to the value of a barrel of Venezuelan oil. But the Maduro administration has not given many details on how this pricing would work, and many investors have said they would not trust the government to faithfully maintain the link between the petro and the price of oil.“The petro will most likely suffer all of the same ills as Venezuelan debt,” predicted David Smilde, a sociology professor at Tulane University who has researched Venezuela for more than two decades.A spokesman for the United States Treasury Department warned American investors last month that the petro might still run afoul of the sanctions, telling Reuters that the currency “would appear to be an extension of credit to the Venezuelan government” and could “expose U.S. persons to legal risk.”Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Republican, and Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, a Democratic, wrote to the Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, in January, asking him to monitor the situation closely.“We have serious doubts about whether Venezuela has the capacity to launch a cryptocurrency,” the letter said. “But regardless, it is imperative that the U.S. Treasury Department is equipped with tools and enforcement mechanisms to combat the use of cryptocurrency to evade U.S. sanctions in general, and in this case in particular.”Critics of the Maduro administration, including many in the international community, attribute the nation’s economic problems to government mismanagement. Mr. Maduro blames a conspiracy involving the political opposition working in concert with foreign governments, especially the United States.On Monday, Mr. Maduro made an overture to President Trump, inviting him for bilateral talks through a Twitter post.“@RealDonaldTrump campaigned promoting noninterference in other countries’ domestic affairs, “ he said. “The time has come to fulfill it and change your agenda of aggression for one of dialogue.”Mr. Maduro added: “Dialogue in Caracas or in Washington, D.C.?”The Trump administration has sought to justify its sanctions against Venezuelan officials by accusing them of political repression and public corruption.Last month, while adding four more names to the growing list of Venezuelan officials placed in the sanctions list, the Treasury Department criticized the nation’s all-powerful Constituent Assembly for prohibiting three major opposition parties from participating in the presidential election.Mr. Maduro will be running for re-election in the April race, and with his government in control of the electoral machinery and the highest court, he is expected to win. But the United States, Colombia and other countries have already declared that they will not recognize the results.Ms. Arnson said the introduction of the currency could provide a political lift to Mr. Maduro’s re-election ambitions.“Looking like you’re doing something to save the economy, that goes beyond paying off your foreign creditors, is an important part of the electoral strategy,” she said. “But I think this is fantasy-land in terms of being an economic life jacket.”The Venezuelan government’s petro initiative is one of the wildest outgrowths of an explosion in activity around virtual currencies over the last year. Inspired by the skyrocketing price of Bitcoin in 2017, many entrepreneurs raised money by creating and selling their own virtual currencies in so-called initial coin offerings.Many governments around the world have also been examining whether it would make sense to issue their own electronic currencies on something similar to the network that Bitcoin runs on, with the Bank of England and the People’s Bank of China announcing experiments.Russian government officials have also discussed issuing some sort of crypto-ruble, to evade American sanctions.But no government has moved ahead more swiftly, and with more abandon, than Venezuela.The documents that have been put out by the Venezuelan government suggest that the petro’s release will be similar to the offerings done by private companies.The petro white paper said the process would begin with a presale of digital tokens, to gauge demand, and then be followed by an “Initial Coin Offer,” with 82 million petros released to the public. The petros are then supposed to be tradable on virtual currency exchanges around the world, the white paper says.A petro website says the Venezuelan government will accept the petro for tax payments and fees. Mr. Maduro directed the state oil company, PDVSA, and other public companies to handle a percentage of their sales and purchases in petros.Coin offerings have been attractive to entrepreneurs because investors can send their money using Bitcoin or other existing virtual currencies, which do not go through banks or other institutions that could decline the transactions.The movement of money outside of the traditional banking system has allowed coin offerings to go ahead even though American regulators have said that most of them are probably violating the law.The same structure could be beneficial to Venezuela, given that it is facing American sanctions that have made it hard to raise money through established channels.For investors, though, the petro may be a hard sell, given that the system will be designed and controlled by the Venezuelan government, which has not been the most reliable financial player.The design of the petro, while clearly inspired by Bitcoin, would, in some ways, be the opposite of most virtual currencies like Bitcoin, which are designed to operate without any central government or authority in charge.Bitcoin has largely won over investors because there is no central authority that could suddenly change the number of Bitcoins to be released, or the rules of the network.With the petro, on the other hand, the confidence of investors is likely to be only as strong as their confidence in the Maduro government.Watching the wild swings in the stock market has been a heartbreaking experience for Jasmine Okougbo, who started investing only last month.Ms. Okougbo, 26, a business operations manager in Tucson, has an individual retirement account set up through her company and shares she got from her parents for her birthday. In one week, the value of her investments sank 65 percent.“I don’t think I will be buying or trading on the market again anytime soon,” she said. “I still don’t think it has hit me how much I lost so quickly.”For many millennials, the recent stock market gyrations have been a painful lesson in volatility that is being driven by fears that inflation and interest rates could rise faster than expected. Many have retreated from the market into savings accounts.Twitter feeds quickly filled with teary, wailing GIFs and heart emoticons cracked in two — pithy punctuation about anemic 401(k) accounts being whittled down to wisps. Many young investors bemoaned the misfortune of equity portfolios shriveling up weeks after their cryptocurrency holdings also began deflating.Lulled into confidence by the second-longest bull run in history, some had forgotten the passwords to their trading accounts and, to their panic, were locked out.Mario Tehuitzil, 27, ducked into a restroom to check his cryptocurrency and stock holdings on Monday and felt “a punch to the gut,” then a growing “rush of anxiety and nausea.” His $33,000 stock portfolio had plummeted by more than 40 percent, to $19,000 in value, before swelling back to $24,000 on Wednesday.“I’m aware of the risks but I never expected this rapid and severe drop,” said Mr. Tehuitzil, a New York-based pediatrics assistant. “Looks like the down payment for an apartment I’ve been eyeing will have to wait.”Millennials, a sprawling and diverse demographic generally said to be born between the early 1980s and the early 2000s, are known for their passion for social media and an affinity for instant gratification.But as investors, haunted by the trauma of the Great Recession, they have been mostly cautious. Many young people struggling to find work retreated back to school or into part-time work. For millennials living paycheck to paycheck and sometimes bunking with their parents, saving for retirement seemed a remote priority as they watched debts pile up.Since hitting bottom in 2009, however, the stock market has more than tripled its value. More millennials began venturing into investing, toggling between stock apps and cryptocurrency charts on their phones and boasting of good returns on Twitter and Snapchat.Rather than turn to professional advisers, who tend to handle much larger amounts than most young people have to invest, many millennials also tapped a growing roster of so-called robo-advisers that offer low-cost, autopiloted portfolio management.Josh Stillman, 27, was too afraid to look at his retirement account this week but saw on Wealthfront, a robo-adviser he began using last year, that his investments had slumped 3 percent during the sell-off before recovering somewhat.Mr. Stillman, who produces and hosts digital videos in Los Angeles, said he taught himself about investing by conducting online research and watching YouTube tutorials.“I feel like my formal education did not educate me at all for investing or planning for my future,” said Mr. Stillman, who has a bachelor’s degree in anthropology from the University of Rochester.Only about a third of millennials currently hold stocks. And more than 80 percent of young investors — a far higher share than among older age groups — describe their investing strategy as “conservative,” according to survey data released this summer by the Legg Mason asset management firm.But the survey, conducted as major indexes were surging to new highs amid ostensibly low volatility, found that the group expected to eventually take on more risk than their elders. Many have piled into virtual currencies like Bitcoin.Accustomed to a steadily rising stock market and the allure of astronomical gains in cryptocurrencies, millennials have a far different expectation of what typical returns look like compared with investors who have seen more cycles.Millennials now expect an average annual return of 13.7 percent, compared to the 7.7 percent return that baby boomers expect, according to a survey last year from the AMG asset management company. Young investors are four times as likely as boomers to consider themselves to be highly knowledgeable.But when the slump overtook the market on Friday, many were stunned.“They’ve never seen a sell-off like this, and it’s especially scary because they don’t know who to ask for advice — they may not have a relationship with a financial adviser they can call or text to walk them back from the cliff,” said Jason Dorsey, president of The Center for Generational Kinetics, a research firm. “For many of them, it’s been a pretty rude awakening.”Many millennials are familiar with debt because of their credit cards and student loans. But concepts like portfolio diversification and long-term investing are less well-known, experts said.“If you haven’t been taught how markets truly work over time, and you don’t have the historical perspective, then bouts of volatility like this could cause you to make bad decisions,” said Brian Levitt, a senior investment strategist at OppenheimerFunds.Many young investors were sanguine about the swings as the Dow Jones industrial average gained back 567 points on Tuesday after shedding a total of more than 1,841 points on Friday and Monday. On Wednesday, Wall Street edged lower; the Dow lost another 19 points, or 0.1 percent, and the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index slipped 0.5 percent.Paul Whited, 24, lost nearly $800 of the $12,000 in his portfolio as holdings in biopharmacy and technology stocks were walloped. On Tuesday, he made back $300.The Knoxville-based accounting student began investing actively two years ago. His recent losses hurt, he said, but the volatility could present an opportunity to buy."Investing in stocks to secure a safe retirement is too important to let fear change my plans,” he said. “I have plenty of time ahead of me to earn my money back and then more.”RE: CryptocurrencySteven Johnson wrote about the greater potential for blockchain.This is one of the best articles ever written on the potential of the technology that underlies Bitcoin. People are getting distracted by valuations of cryptographic currencies, but that’s not the point: The value of this technology is in self-executing contracts. This technology can replace banks, stock exchanges, insurance companies and other record-keeping organizations. Why would you need to do an I.P.O. if you can raise money through an I.C.O.? Why would you need a bank if you can keep your money securely in cryptographic currencies? This technology is set to disrupt and transform industries. This is bigger than the internet. Ravi Srivastava, West Hartford, Conn.Speaking as someone with a fair amount of academic background in distributed systems and databases, this entire debate is exasperating. Decentralization has been possible on the internet for decades without blockchain. The problem has been entirely a matter of economic, political and social choices to preference private, closed-source and centralized solutions because they’re easy and require zero effort.Moreover, and this is the critical mistake this article makes, the previous generation of web technologies (from Google forward) all uncritically tried to solve social and political problems with technology, a fool’s errand. Take the medical records example given in the article. The problem isn’t trust, security or verifiability, the things that blockchain can solve. The problem, contrary to what the author says, is actually that no one in the market has any incentive to interoperate.This sort of techno-optimism needs to die on the vine. Stop looking to technology to fix society. Go out and engage. Oreoluwa Babarinsa, AtlantaRE: OregonJennifer Percy wrote about the fear of the federal government among some ranchers in eastern Oregon.I grew up in rural Colorado and have lived in the western United States nearly my entire life. To a degree, I get where the people written about in this article are coming from; the West they believe in — remote and desolate, yet awesomely beautiful and resource-rich, far from that icky urban environment — is a familiar, comfortable home. But much of what they believe is demonstrably false. If all the federal land out West that’s not a military installation or a national park were devolved to the states or to private landowners, the locals would probably not stand to gain anything. If the states were to end up with federal lands, grazing and mineral-extraction fees would almost certainly go up, and by quite a bit.Could the federal government do a better job coordinating with local interests when it comes to the use of federal lands? Yes, but that doesn’t equate to the right to use the land to the point where it can no longer sustain either cattle or indigenous fauna or where streams that so many rely on for drinking water are polluted. Mark Janes, Guerneville, Calif.Like the author, I was born and raised in rural Oregon, and I share her idyllic love of the natural environment and the people of my home state. However, I took issue with the descriptions of the people at large, particularly the careers of the people of rural Oregon as stereotypes of a dying, white working class. There is a description of the people gathered at the high school in Redmond, Ore., as “ranchers, miners and loggers.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the people of Deschutes County in rural Oregon, which includes Redmond and the author’s hometown, Tumalo, do the same work as the rest of the country. Most people, at 16.6 percent, are in fields related to “office and administrative support” (above the national average), and 0.2 percent are in “farming, fishing and forestry” (just below the national average of 0.3 percent). The people of rural Oregon work largely the same jobs that the rest of the country does: food service, sales, health, education, construction. I think it’s important when speaking of economic insecurities to accurately describe the economic reality that these stories exist in. Quincy Hayden, Springfield, Ore.SAN JUAN, P.R. — They call what they are building Puertopia. But then someone told them, apparently in all seriousness, that it translates to “eternal boy playground” in Latin. So they are changing the name: They will call it Sol.Dozens of entrepreneurs, made newly wealthy by blockchain and cryptocurrencies, are heading en masse to Puerto Rico this winter. They are selling their homes and cars in California and establishing residency on the Caribbean island in hopes of avoiding what they see as onerous state and federal taxes on their growing fortunes, some of which now reach into the billions of dollars.And these men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth: They want to build a crypto utopia, a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public, to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like. Blockchain, a digital ledger that forms the basis of virtual currencies, has the potential to reinvent society — and the Puertopians want to prove it.For more than a year, the entrepreneurs had been searching for the best location. After Hurricane Maria decimated Puerto Rico’s infrastructure in September and the price of cryptocurrencies began to soar, they saw an opportunity and felt a sense of urgency.So this crypto community flocked here to create its paradise. Now the investors are spending their days hunting for property where they could have their own airports and docks. They are taking over hotels and a museum in the capital’s historic section, called Old San Juan. They say they are close to getting the local government to allow them to have the first cryptocurrency bank.“What’s happened here is a perfect storm,” said Halsey Minor, the founder of the news site CNET, who is moving his new blockchain company — called Videocoin — from the Cayman Islands to Puerto Rico this winter. Referring to Hurricane Maria and the investment interest that has followed, he added, “While it was really bad for the people of Puerto Rico, in the long term it’s a godsend if people look past that.”Puerto Rico offers an unparalleled tax incentive: no federal personal income taxes, no capital gains tax and favorable business taxes — all without having to renounce your American citizenship. For now, the local government seems receptive toward the crypto utopians; the governor will speak at their blockchain summit conference, called Puerto Crypto, in March.The territory’s go-to blockchain tax lawyer is Giovanni Mendez, 30. He expected the tax expatriates to disappear after Hurricane Maria, but the population has instead boomed.“It’s increased monumentally,” said Mr. Mendez, who has about two dozen crypto clients. “And they all came together.”The movement is alarming an earlier generation of Puerto Rico tax expats like the hedge fund manager Robb Rill, who runs a social group for those taking advantage of the tax incentives.“They call me up saying they’re going to buy 250,000 acres so they can incorporate their own city, literally start a city in Puerto Rico to have their own crypto world,” said Mr. Rill, who moved to the island in 2013. “I can’t engage in that.”The newcomers are still debating the exact shape that Puertopia should take. Some think they need to make a city; others think it’s enough to move into Old San Juan. Puertopians said, however, that they hoped to move very fast.“You’ve never seen an industry catalyze a place like you’re going to see here,” Mr. Minor said.Until the Puertopians find land, they have descended on the Monastery, a 20,000-square-foot hotel they rented as their base and that was largely unscathed by the hurricane.Matt Clemenson and Stephen Morris were drinking beer on the Monastery’s roof one recent evening. Mr. Clemenson had an easygoing affect and wore two-tone aviators; Mr. Morris, a loquacious British man, was in cargo shorts and lace-up steel-toed combat boots, with a smartphone on a necklace. They wanted to make two things clear: They chose Puerto Rico because of the hurricane, and they come in peace.“It’s only when everything’s been swept away that you can make a case for rebuilding from the ground up,” Mr. Morris, 53, said.“We’re benevolent capitalists, building a benevolent economy,” said Mr. Clemenson, 34, a co-founder of Lottery.com, which is using the blockchain in lotteries. “Puerto Rico has been this hidden gem, this enchanted island that’s been consistently overlooked and mistreated. Maybe 500 years later we can make it right.”Other Puertopians arrived on the roof as a pack, just back from a full-day property-hunting bus tour. From the middle, Brock Pierce, 37, the leader of the Puertopia movement, emerged wearing drop crotch capri pants, a black vest that almost hit his knees and a large black felt hat. He and others had arrived on the island in early December.“Compassion, respect, financial transparency,” Mr. Pierce said when asked what was guiding them here.Mr. Pierce, the director of the Bitcoin Foundation, is a major figure in the crypto boom. He co-founded a blockchain-for-business start-up, Block.One, which has sold around $200 million of a custom virtual currency, EOS, in a so-called initial coin offering. The value of all the outstanding EOS tokens is around $6.5 billion.A former child actor, Mr. Pierce got into digital money early as a professional gamer, mining and trading gold in the video game World of Warcraft, an effort funded partly by Stephen K. Bannon, the former Trump adviser. Mr. Pierce is a controversial figure — he has previously been sued for fraud, among other matters.Downstairs, in the Monastery penthouse, a dozen or so other expats were hanging out. The water was out that night, so the toilets and faucets were dry. Mr. Minor lounged on an alcove chaise.“The U.S. doesn’t want us. It’s trying to choke off this economy,” Mr. Minor said, referring to the difficulties that crypto investors have with American banks. “There needs to be a place where people are free to invent.”Mr. Pierce paced the room with his hands in fists. A few times a day, he played a video for the group on his phone and a portable speaker: Charlie Chaplin’s 1940 “The Great Dictator,” in which Chaplin parodies Hitler rallying his forces. He finds inspiration in lines like “More than machinery, we need humanity.”“I’m worried people are going to misinterpret our actions,” Mr. Pierce said. “That we’re just coming to Puerto Rico to dodge taxes.”He said he was aiming to create a charitable token called ONE with $1 billion of his own money. “If you take the MY out of money, you’re left with ONE,” Mr. Pierce said.“He’s tuned in to a higher calling,” said Kai Nygard, scion of the Canadian clothing company Nygard and a crypto investor. “He’s beyond money.”The force of Mr. Pierce’s personality and his spiritual presence are important to the group, whose members are otherwise largely agnostic. Mr. Pierce regularly performs rituals. Earlier that day while scoping out property, they had stopped at a historic Ceiba tree, known as the Tree of Life.“Brock nestled into the bosom of it and was there for 10 minutes,” Mr. Nygard said.Mr. Pierce walked around the tree and said prayers for Puertopia, holding a rusted wrench he had picked up in the territory. He kissed an old man’s feet. He blessed a crystal in the water, as they all watched. He played the Chaplin speech to everyone and to the tree, Mr. Nygard said.That wrench is now in the penthouse, heavy and greasy.Later on, at a dinner in a nearby restaurant, the group ordered platters of octopus arms, fried cheese, ceviche and rum cocktails. They began debating whether to buy Puerto Rico’s Roosevelt Roads Naval Station, which measures 9,000 acres and has two deepwater ports and an adjacent airport. The only hitch: It’s a Superfund cleanup site.Mr. Pierce had fallen asleep by then, his hat tilted down and arms crossed. He gets two hours of sleep many nights, often on a firm grounding mat to stay in contact with the earth’s electric energy. Josh Boles, a tall, athletic man who is another crypto expat, picked him up, and the group headed back to the Monastery.They walked past a big pink building in an old town square, the start of their vision for Puertopia’s downtown. Once a children’s museum, they plan on making it a crypto clubhouse and outreach center that will have the mission “to bring together Puerto Ricans with Puertopians.”Workdays are casual in Puertopia. One morning, Bryan Larkin, 39, and Reeve Collins, 42, were working at another old hotel, the Condado Vanderbilt, where they had their laptops on a pool bar with frozen piña coladas on tap.“We’re going to make this crypto land,” Mr. Larkin said.Mr. Larkin has mined about $2 billion in Bitcoin and is the chief technology officer of Blockchain Industries, a publicly traded company based in Puerto Rico.Mr. Collins, an internet veteran, had raised more than $20 million from an initial coin offering for BlockV, his app store for the blockchain, whose outstanding tokens are worth about $125 million. He had also co-founded Tether, which backs cryptocurrency tied to the value of a dollar and whose outstanding tokens are worth about $2.1 billion, though the company has generated enormous controversy in the virtual currency world.“So, no. No, I don’t want to pay taxes,” Mr. Collins said. “This is the first time in human history anyone other than kings or governments or gods can create their own money.”He had moved from Santa Monica, Calif., with just a few bags and was now starting a local cryptocurrency incubator called Vatom Factory.“When Brock said, ‘We’re moving to Puerto Rico for the taxes and to create this new town,’ I said, ‘I’m in,’” Mr. Collins said. “Sight unseen.”They soon went back to work, checking out Coinmarketcap.com, a site that shows the price of cryptocurrencies.“Our market cap’s gone up $100 million in a week,” Mr. Collins said.“Congrats, man,” Mr. Larkin said.All across San Juan, many locals are trying to figure out what to do with the crypto arrivals.Some are open to the new wave as a welcome infusion of investment and ideas.“We’re open for crypto business,” said Erika Medina-Vecchini, the chief business development officer for the Department of Economic Development and Commerce, in an interview at her office. She said her office was starting an ad campaign aimed at the new crypto expat boom, with the tagline “Paradise Performs.”Others worry about the island’s being used for an experiment and talk about “crypto colonialism.” At a house party in San Juan, Richard Lopez, 32, who runs a pizza restaurant, Estella, in the town of Arecibo, said: “I think it’s great. Lure them in with taxes, and they’ll spend money.”Andria Satz, 33, who grew up in Old San Juan and works for the Conservation Trust of Puerto Rico, disagreed.“We’re the tax playground for the rich,” she said. “We’re the test case for anyone who wants to experiment. Outsiders get tax exemptions, and locals can’t get permits.”Mr. Lopez said the territory needed something to jump-start the economy. “We have to find a new way,” he said.“Sure then, Bitcoin, why not,” Ms. Satz said, throwing up her hands.Mr. Lopez said he and a childhood friend, Rafael Perez, 31, were trying to set up a Bitcoin mine in their hometown. But electricity has been inconsistent, and mining even a single Bitcoin takes a lot of power, he said.This wrap-up is a new experiment to connect Australian readers with the best of The New York Times. Bitcoin may save the internet? Celebrity social media feeds are bunk, and reality TV drag queens can unlock the mysteries of gender?Clearly there’s a lot to discuss. And we (that’s our Australia bureau) are here to help, with a few fantastic recent stories about the intersection of pop culture and technology — handpicked for Australian readers.When you’re done reading, come on over to our NYT Australia Facebook group for more discussion.______Some of us are human, some of us are bots. It sounds dystopian, but really: it’s just your social media feed.This report shines a light on social media’s murky black market, where politicians, athletes and celebrities are buying millions of fake followers. Even Australia’s politicians have been scrutinized: Tony Abbott reportedly gained 70,000 followers in 12 hours ahead of the 2013 election.Perhaps more alarmingly, these social drones might be borrowing your identity.Are my followers human? Tools like Twitter Audit, although not perfect, can tell you how “real” your followers are – or if you’re just tweeting into the bot-o-sphere.______If you think Bitcoin is just about money, you’re missing the point.Bitcoin’s foundation, blockchain, could be our guiding light back to the internet’s utopian, democratic roots. It sounds lofty, but disrupters have changed the nature of the internet before.And if you still don’t really get what cryptocurrency is, don’t worry: Mr. Johnson, one of Silicon Valley’s most respected tech writers, breaks it down with refreshing clarity.Should I invest in Bitcoin? No.There have been a few key moments that flung drag queens into the world’s popular consciousness. One is “Priscilla, Queen of the Desert,” Stephen Elliot’s 1994 colorful and vulgar musical, and most recently: “RuPaul’s Drag Race.”The original Times review of “Priscilla” applauds how willing the film’s cross-dressing characters are to “laugh at themselves.”And 24 years later, reality TV host and drag performer RuPaul Charles now carries the torch of unrestrained, anarchist fun over political correctness.Where can I watch it already? Stream Season 3 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race: All Stars” on Stan.______Millions of women around the world have said #MeToo, but the impact of those words can depend on your level of celebrity, wealth, skin color, or just where you are in the world.In China, the government is blocking phrases like “anti-sexual harassment” on social media, effectively muzzling the movement.One professor suggests it’s partly because “people are not encouraged to speak up against superiors” in Chinese culture. As Australia continues to grapple with sexual assault on its campuses, could international students be less likely to report harassment?How can I follow how #MeToo is developing around the world? We’re glad you asked. Sign up to The #MeToo Moment newsletter to get weekly missives on gender and sexual harassment news in your inbox each week.Who would have thought painstakingly slow, hand-painted messages would be an incredibly effective way to cut through the digital cacophony?Paul Lindahl didn’t. But he pursued the outmoded career path anyway.Now, as brands are searching for new ways to convey “authenticity” and “meaning,” Mr. Lindahl is courting names like Gucci, Coca-Cola and Spotify from his paint-spattered Brooklyn studio.How could it go wrong? By hand-painting your advertisement over a well-loved, 20-year-old community mural, like another company did in the Sydney neighborhood of Newtown last year. It didn’t go down well.“Whoever thought that operational security could be wrecked by a Fitbit?” said Nathan Ruser, 20, in an interview from Thailand.Mr. Ruser, who studies international security at Australian National University, recently posted to Twitter his discovery that a fitness app had revealed the locations of military sites in Syria and elsewhere.The Pentagon is reviewing the situation.How can I follow this story? Check out Mr. Ruser’s Twitter feed, where he’s commenting and sharing smart takes on the security failure (in between tweets about triple j’s Hottest 100 countdown.)(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Russian trolls, the Munich Security Conference and the latest from the Winter Olympics. Here’s the news:• In Washington, the charges against 13 Russians left no doubt that the Kremlin backed Donald Trump in the 2016 election. The question now has shifted to whether the Russian trolls made a difference.Regardless, the indictments have put the president on the defensive. Mr. Trump unleashed a two-day Twitter tirade that was unusually defiant even by his standards.A secretive oligarch known as “Putin’s cook” is among those indicted. The executive, above left, is accused of financing a troll factory. (Some of its former employees described to us what work there was like, and some Americans recounted encounters with trolls.)_____• Theresa May, the British prime minister, wants to negotiate a treaty with the European Union to govern security cooperation after Brexit, even if that meant respecting the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.Mrs. May spoke at an annual security conference in Munich, where our diplomatic correspondent tracked the rise of U.S. doubts about deepened European commitment to self-defense.Also, Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, brandished what he said was part of an Iranian drone and warned that he was ready to go to war if Tehran continued to entrench itself in Syria._____• Turkey’s efforts to repair relations with Europe and the U.S. — undertaken after the threat of losing investment — have been undercut by Ankara’s crackdown on critics.Germany celebrated the return of Deniz Yucel, above, a journalist who had spent a year in detention in Turkey.But a Turkish court also sentenced six Turkish journalists to life in prison, saying they had undermined the country’s constitutional order._____• In the U.S., the children of the “mass shooting generation” are speaking out.They were born into a world reshaped by the 1999 attack at Columbine High School. They grew up practicing active shooter drills — and wondering whether it could happen at their schools.After last week’s school shooting in Florida, students there and across the country responded with loud calls for gun control measures._____• Snowboard or ski?That’s the question for Ester Ledecka of the Czech Republic, the snowboarder whose upset victory in the super-G at the Winter Olympics surprised even herself. She has to decide on her next race this week and expects her ski coach to be “a little pushy” now.Marcel Hirscher of Austria solidified his claim to being the world’s best skier. And with a biathlon gold, Martin Fourcade became France’s greatest Winter Olympian.A Russian curler who won a bronze medal failed a preliminary doping test. Here’s the full medals table, results and schedule.• Big holders of Bitcoin and its brethren have become alluring marks for criminals, with abductions for virtual-currency ransoms occurring from Thailand to Ukraine. (Above, a cryptocurrency hardware wallet.)• The Trump administration’s proposed punitive tariffs on steel and aluminum imports could prompt swift retaliation from China and the European Union. (Many U.S. economists, including an adviser to President George W. Bush, are skeptical.)• WeWork has an audacious, possibly delusional plan to transform not just the way we work and live, but the very world we live in. So far, it seems to be working.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets and a look at what could move them this week. (U.S. markets are closed for Presidents’ Day today.)• We reconstructed how four U.S. soldiers, four soldiers from Niger and an interpreter were killed in a conflict in Africa that few Americans knew about last year. Their deaths have reignited a debate in the U.S. over the sprawling wars American troops fight around the world. [The New York Times]• Iran is investigating the crash of a commercial plane that went down about 780 kilometers south of Tehran, killing all 66 people on board. [The New York Times]• With help from Russia and Serbia, the Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Dodik wants to carve up Bosnia-Herzegovina. “People here don’t want to be in Bosnia anymore,” he said. [The New York Times]• A leading Catalan separatist, Anna Gabriel, has traveled to Switzerland, raising doubts over whether she will appear in court in Madrid this week to face possible sedition charges. [The New York Times]• The Islamic State claimed responsibility for a man’s attack on a church in the Russian region of Dagestan, in which he killed at least five people. [The New York Times]• The Belgian government is determined to avoid large-scale migrant camps in Brussels but at a loss over how to deal with the growing number of Sudanese migrants. [The New York Times]• Pope Francis reactivated an abuse commission after his defense of a Chilean bishop accused of covering up sexual abuse prompted the greatest crisis of his pontificate. [The New York Times]• Airbnb vows to tackle sex trafficking amid concerns that its short-term rentals can be used as “pop-up brothels.” [Reuters Foundation]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Here’s how to break up with your phone.• Our best travel tips to make the most of a getaway to China.• Embrace meatless Monday with a vegetable stir-fry.• A group of American activists called the Valve Turners decided to fight global warming by doing whatever it takes.• At the Baftas, the British equivalent of the Oscars, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” won big. (Our critic was less enthusiastic.)• The artist Günter Brus’s “actions” galvanized Austria in the 1960s. As an exhibition marks the artist’s 80th birthday, a far-right resurgence has given his work new relevance.• In the late 19th century, sanatoriums opened in remote locations across Europe, promising fresh air and a temporary withdrawal from life. Those that remain feel more relevant than ever.• The chef Yotam Ottolenghi begins a new series of columns on how to take favorite ingredients in both sophisticated and simple directions, with salmon.When “The Feminine Mystique” started flying off the shelves, Betty Friedan’s publisher assumed that her husband had bought all the copies.The assumption encapsulated why she wrote the book, published on this day in 1963. It went on to sell more than three million copies worldwide by 2000.Helping to ignite the women’s liberation movement in the U.S. in the ’60s, the book tackled what Friedan, above, called “the problem that has no name,” a dissatisfaction among women, like herself, who were defined only by their roles as wives and mothers.The book’s premise was a “damning indictment,” a Times review said in 1963.Friedan used her success to advocate feminist causes and helped found the National Organization for Women and other groups. She died in 2006, on her 85th birthday.Though the book is held up as essential feminist reading, it has come under fire for its lack of diversity and inclusivity.But 20 years after “The Feminine Mystique” was published, Friedan wrote in The Times: “I am still awed by the revolution that book helped spark. That I was able to put it together at the time it was needed is something of a mystery to me.”Anna Schaverien contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Germany’s coalition deal, Kim Jong-un’s sister at the Winter Olympics and advice to avoid catching a cold. Here’s the news: • In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel forged a deal with her previous coalition partners, bringing her closer to forming a new government after five months of political limbo.The pact came at a steep price for her conservative party, which gave up the Finance Ministry to the Social Democrats, a junior partner whose rank-and-file members could still veto the deal.The pact leaves the far-right Alternative for Germany as the leading voice of opposition in Parliament._____• A geopolitical first at the Winter Olympics: Kim Yo-jong, the sister of North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, will visit South Korea to attend Friday’s opening ceremony. She will be the first member of the North’s ruling family to set foot in the South.Officials in the South are struggling to accommodate the North’s Olympic delegation without breaking sanctions. We gathered some insights into the reclusive country’s team from defectors and analysts.(Above, protesters burning the North’s flag as its delegation arrived by ferry.)Separately, it remains unclear how many Russian athletes will compete at the Games. Arbitrators are still considering appeals to the country’s doping ban._____• In Washington, there was little enthusiasm for President Trump’s plans to stage a military parade akin to France’s Bastille Day festivities. It also remains unclear what exactly it would celebrate.Separately, the Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi spoke for more than eight hours about the young undocumented immigrants known as Dreamers, setting a record in the House of Representatives.Mr. Trump, in his first comments about the stock market plunge, said it was an overreaction to good economic news. If you’re a young investor, and this is your first market hiccup, we have some advice._____• Traveling with two senior American generals, our journalists visited the city of Manbij in northern Syria, where armed conflict between the U.S. and Turkey is no longer unthinkable.(Above, commanders of the Manbij Military Council; U.S. Special Forces are in the background.)Separately, U.S. aircraft carried out rare retaliatory strikes against forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad of Syria in response to an attack on allied militants._____• “Cheddar Man”  had dark skin, brown curly hair and blue eyes.New DNA tests on Britain’s oldest complete skeleton, dating back about 10,000 years, upend a common assumption that the country’s indigenous people were all pale skinned.Fair skin pigmentation — long considered a defining feature in Europe — goes back less than 6,000 years, scientists say.• China’s economic success lays bare an uncomfortable historical truth: No one who preaches “free trade” really practices it.• Putting the Tesla Model 3 into mass production could prove a more critical task for Elon Musk than sending a car into space. (Here’s a live video stream of the latter.)• Forbes released its first list of the wealthiest cryptocurrency holders, even as recent price declines have shrunk their fortunes.• We’ll be interviewing three of the most innovative U.S. chief executives. You can share your questions here.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• In Taiwan, aftershocks of Tuesday’s earthquake hampered rescuers as they searched for dozens of missing people in collapsed and dangerously tilted buildings. The death toll rose to at least 10. [The New York Times]• Emmanuel Macron, the French president, in a policy speech on Corsica, rejected demands for autonomy made by the island’s resurgent nationalist leaders. [Reuters]• A Dutch court asked the European Court of Justice to review complaints by a group of British citizens who are seeking to retain their E.U. citizenship rights after Brexit. [The Guardian]• Nutrition experts say Chile’s measures against obesity are the world’s most ambitious attempt to remake a country’s food culture. [The New York Times]• The bodies of Russia’s young figure skaters are breaking down as they push their performance in pursuit of gold medals and more difficult jumps. [The New York Times]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Enhance the flavor of seared salmon fillets with anchovy-garlic butter.• Experts say it’s essential to give children time and space to play.• Here’s some advice on how to protect yourself when your partner is sick.• Online porn is everywhere, and young people sometimes learn much of what they know about sex from it. Some U.S. schools are teaching students to view pornography more critically.• With the help of a program usually used to detect plagiarism, two writers believe they have found an unpublished manuscript that may have inspired Shakespeare.•  Norway is an affordable destination for travelers eager to score unique experiences without breaking the bank. (Now might be the best time to visit Oslo.)• The Opera Ball today is the high point of Vienna’s ball season. We explain the political subtext that often lurks behind the dazzling scenes in the Austrian capital.• For our Magazine writer, recreating a favorite French cookie, “biscuits roses de Reims,” at home was a lesson in misplaced expectations.“I knew they weren’t the same as the biscuits from Champagne, but they were satisfying by every measure, good cookies on their own merits.” (Here’s the recipe.)Pyeongchang and Pyongyang: The South Korean host of the Winter Olympics and the North Korean capital have confusingly similar names.There does not seem to be any significance in the shared syllable, which is derived from the same Chinese root character meaning “to pacify” or “to be level or flat.” Pyongyang means “peaceful land” or “flat land,” and Pyeongchang means “peaceful flourishing” or “peaceful prosperity.”In the South, conservatives have criticized the government of President Moon Jae-in for welcoming the North’s participation and derided the Games as the “Pyongyang Olympics.”Liberals and the Moon administration countered that the event should be called the Pyeonghwa, or peace, Olympics.The host town originally spelled its name “Pyongchang” in English, but added a letter in 2000 and capitalized the C to become PyeongChang to distinguish itself from the North’s capital, our correspondent noted. Most news organizations, including The Times, decline to capitalize the C.But confusion persisted despite the rebranding. In 2014, a Kenyan man trying to attend a United Nations conference in Pyeongchang mistakenly flew to Pyongyang.Inyoung Kang contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.