Our guide to stand-up, improv and variety shows.‘50 FIRST JOKES N.Y.C.’ at the Bell House (Jan. 5, 8 p.m.). At this event, now in its 12th year, 50 comedians share the first joke they’ve written since the start of 2018. The ebullient John F. O’Donnell will serve as host for the night, with a diverse roster of comedians slated to perform, including Ike Ufomadu, Janelle James, Jo Firestone and many, many more.718-643-6510, thebellhouseny.comYORAM BAUMAN, PH.D. at Caveat (Jan. 8, 7 p.m.). Billed as “the world’s first and only stand-up economist,” Mr. Bauman’s authority seems absolute: not only is he an author and educator, he also organizes the humor session at the annual meeting of the American Economic Association. With a take on comedy that deftly blends humor and academia, the audience is likely to learn as much as they laugh.212-228-2100, caveat.nyc‘FRANK CONNIFF’S CARTOON DUMP’ at Q.E.D. (Jan. 10, 7:30 p.m.). Patton Oswalt is said to have once referred to Frank Conniff’s variety and stand-up show as being “like a kids show done in Bosnia.” Fans of the show “Mystery Science Theater 3000” will surely recognize Mr. Conniff, who hosts the event in character as Moodsy, the Clinically Depressed Owl. Styled as a kids’ show, but likely not appropriate for actual children, vintage cartoons are interspersed between comedy and music.347-451-3873, qedastoria.com‘FUNNY AS TECH’ at the People’s Improv Theater (Jan. 9, 7 p.m.). Those who like their comedy on the nerdy side will find just that in the blend of tech and jokes that this show and podcast provides. Cryptocurrency like bitcoin and the blockchain technology underlying it are the topic at hand for this installment, with guests including the bitcoin comedian and entrepreneur Margaux Avedisian; the author and a founder of Placeholder Ventures, Chris Burniske; and the creator of the first artist cryptocurrency, Tatiana Moroz.212-563-7488, thepit-nyc.com‘LAUGHTER IN THE CITY’ at the Brooklyn Museum (Jan. 6, 8:30 p.m.). For its inaugural “First Saturday” event of the new year, the Brooklyn Museum hosts a comedy show featuring Jordan Carlos of “The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore”; the TED Fellow Negin Farsad; Ophira Eisenberg of NPR; and the “Saturday Night Live” writer Nimesh Patel. An open conversation, centered around humor and activism amid crisis, is to follow.917-727-523, laughterinthecity.org‘REPEATER’ at Q.E.D. (Jan. 7, 8:30 p.m.). Once a month, the music fans Evan Forde Barden and Patrick Cartelli invite a guest to talk about one particular song they love and another guest to perform it. Josh Sharp, of “The Opposition With Jordan Klepper,” picks the tune this time around, with Jacob Sharp of the band Mipso providing the musical component.347-451-3873, qedastoria.comLONDON — There’s a new gold rush. But this precious metal doesn’t actually exist.The frenzy is for so-called cryptocurrencies — or encrypted digital money — and their value skyrocketed in 2017. The price of Bitcoin, the pioneer decentralized virtual currency, rose more than 1,300 percent last year, despite plunging 40 percent at one point in December. A Bitcoin rival, Ether, was up 8,000 percent. It is thought that the total worldwide value of cryptocurrencies could reach $1 trillion this year.Bitcoin and its derivatives have, for the moment, proved too volatile and unwieldy for day-to-day transactions. Yet the cryptocurrency model, underpinned by decentralized blockchain ledger technology, is increasingly becoming a force in more specialized areas of the economy. The art world is one of them.On Dec. 16, the nascent market for what might be called cryptoart appeared to reach a new level when the hitherto-unknown Distributed Gallery announced the auction of “Ready Made Token,” a unique unit of a cryptocurrency that the gallery said was created by Richard Prince using technology from Ethereum, the network responsible for Ether.The online gallery describes itself as the first to specialize in “blockchain-based artwork and exhibition.” It invited bids for the work, starting at one Ether, equivalent to about $650 at the time. (As of Friday, one Ether was worth about $1,200, according to ethereumprice.org.) The timed auction ends on Monday.The appearance of a crypto “ready-made” by an artist of Mr. Prince’s stature seemed to suddenly put blockchain on the art world map. Distributed Gallery even arranged for Mr. Prince to attend the inaugural Rare Digital Art Festival in New York on Saturday.But when buying into the world of cryptocurrencies, it can be difficult to determine what is real.Consider this Twitter post from Mr. Prince on Jan. 6:In fact, Distributed Gallery had no connection with the American artist. This virtual dealership and its “Ready Made Token” are instead a playful experiment devised by Olivier Sarrouy, a philosophy and sociology lecturer at the University Rennes 2 in France, along with three friends.“We were trying to explore how a cryptocurrency could relate to scarcity in the art market,” Mr. Sarrouy, 32, said in a telephone interview. “It reinterpreted Marcel Duchamp’s gesture of the ready-made in a radical way.”But why Richard Prince?“To make a ready-made we needed a signature, but we were no one in the art world,” Mr. Sarrouy said, adding that he and his friends had chosen Richard Prince “because he is the king of appropriation art.”“Our artwork has been created by our own Richard Prince,” he said. “And then there is the famous Richard Prince.”The appropriation of this name was certainly mischievous, given that the “famous” Richard Prince continues to be involved in a lawsuit concerning his appropriation of an Instagram-sourced photograph for a 2014 exhibition. Adding further confusion, Mr. Prince’s most recent show of paintings at the Gladstone Gallery was titled “Ripple,” which also happens to the name of a high-rising cryptocurrency.Mr. Prince declined to comment for this column.“The project is interesting,” said Judy Mam, an organizer of the Rare Digital Art Festival, referring to the Distributed Gallery’s Duchampian token. “But we’re talking about people who are putting up money,” she added. “That’s when the theoretical aspect of the project comes crashing down.” It no longer features in the festival program.As of Wednesday, Distributed Gallery’s auction had attracted four participants, who bid in Ether up to a value of about $2,600. Three bidders who thought they were competing for a work by the “famous” Mr. Prince have received or are in the process of receiving a refund, according to Mr. Sarrouy. “The last one has bet knowing what this project was all about,” he said, “and is still the highest bidder.”Meanwhile, delegates at the Rare Digital Art Festival planned to discuss how to take memes and the other infinitely copyable stuff of the internet and turn them into “rare, tradable blockchain assets.”Since late November, the most spectacular proof of this concept has been CryptoKitties. These cute virtual felines have a collectibility — and tradeability — that has attracted more than 235,000 registered users and more than 37,000 Ether, or about $52 million in transactions, according to the company. Cryptokitties.co charges 3.75 percent every time a cat “breeds” with another or is sold in its own marketplace. In December, one of the 100 “Founder Cats” traded for 253.3368 Ether, equivalent at the time to about $111,000. (It would now be more than $300,000.)Mack Flavelle, co-founder of CryptoKitties, which is based in Vancouver, British Columbia, thinks that digital art could be a major beneficiary of the explosion in virtual wealth.“There’s not that much that people can do with cryptocurrency,” said Mr. Flavelle, 37, who planned to attend the festival on Saturday. “We gave them something fun and useful to do with their Ethereum. It’s early days, but this could happen in the blossoming art space as well. The blockchain is an entirely new medium for art.”Matt Hall and John Watkinson, creators of CryptoPunks, also plan to be at the festival. CryptoPunks are 10,000 unique algorithm-generated characters, 9,000 of which were given away in June 2017 for collecting and trading on the Ethereum platform. Coveted “punks” are now selling for 10 Ether, or about $13,500 as of Wednesday, lifting the investment value of the founders’ retained 10 percent.Being pegged to cryptocurrencies, digital collectibles have risen (and fallen) in value at a far faster rate than just about everything in the analogue art world. They can be bought for a few dollars and sold for nominal fees. There’s no need to enter the intimidating world of galleries and auction houses to acquire them. True, the buyer doesn’t get to own a physical work of art, but then consumer research increasingly reveals that millennials are less hung up about possession.“If you can create a market for kittens, you can do it for digital art,” said Anders Petterson, author of the Hiscox Online Art Trade Report. “Millennials are comfortable with this kind of technology. There is the potential to open up an entire new ecosystem outside the traditional art world.”Plenty of people think cryptocurrencies will collapse under the weight of financial speculation. But if they don’t, they might just turn out to be the art world’s big game-changer.Bitcoin may grab headlines when it skyrockets in value, as it did much of last year, or when it plunges precipitously, as it has this week.But the virtual currency has a reputation for providing a sense of anonymity to those who own it.That anonymity doesn’t extend to the tax authorities, however.Come April, people who have bought and sold Bitcoin — or any of the other digital currencies that have quickly sprouted across the web — will be expected to report any profits on their federal tax returns.Considering Bitcoin’s jump of more than 1,500 percent last year, there are probably many people who logged gains or losses for the first time, as people rushed in with the irrational exuberance of the early dot-com days.But how much tax you owe will depend on how and when you acquired the digital currency — which, in fact, isn’t treated as a currency at all. Instead, for tax purposes, the Internal Revenue Service views Bitcoin and its cryptocoin cousins as property.For the most part, that means Bitcoin and other digital currencies will be treated similarly to an investment like stocks — but not always. Given the speed at which these currencies have caught on — Bitcoin was released only in 2009 — regulators haven’t quite kept pace. The I.R.S. issued basic guidelines in 2014 for digital currencies, but tax experts say some of the rules are subject to interpretation.Other aspects, however, are quite clear.“Every time you transfer a cryptocurrency, you might trigger a gain and pay a tax,” said Selva Ozelli, a tax lawyer and accountant who has recently written about the tax implications of virtual currencies.In late 2016, the I.R.S. made it clear that it was searching for cryptocurrency tax evaders: The agency sent a broad request to Coinbase, the largest Bitcoin exchange in the United States, requesting records for all customers who bought digital currency from the company from 2013 to 2015.Coinbase balked, but a court ruled that it must provide the records of roughly 14,000 customers, fewer than 1 percent of its patrons, who made transactions involving more than $20,000 of virtual currencies.“If you play audit roulette, you are a fool,” said Daniel Morris, an accountant with expertise in digital currencies. “If you made a single trade or more, report it.”Here are some basics about the tax implications of virtual currency:I sold some Bitcoin last year. What do I need to do?If you are holding Bitcoin as an investment, any gains or losses on the sale are treated as capital assets, like a stock or bond. The gain or loss is calculated against the market value of the currency when you acquired it (known as your basis).If you held the currency for more than a year, you qualify for the less onerous long-term capital gains rates (generally 0, 15 or 20 percent). Short-term gains, from digital coins held for a year or less, are taxed as ordinary income.As on the stock market, losses can be used to offset capital gains, subject to certain rules, and losses that are not used to offset gains can be deducted — up to $3,000 — from other kinds of income. Unused losses can be carried over to future years.I bought a computer (or another product or service) using Bitcoin. Are there tax implications?The short answer: Yes.More than 100,000 merchants worldwide accept Bitcoin, including big companies like Microsoft and Expedia, according to a 2017 report from Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting, a tax software and analysis firm.So, for instance, if you bought Bitcoin as an investment in  late 2013, when it was trading at around $1,000, and used it to buy a car when the currency was trading at $18,000, you would have a long-term capital gain of $17,000, explained Ryan Losi, an accountant and executive vice president at Piascik, a tax firm.Likewise, if you suffer a loss, that should also be reported on your tax return.I’ve successfully ‘mined’ Bitcoins. Now what?All Bitcoin transactions are recorded in a public ledger maintained by a decentralized network of computers. Mining refers to the process in which new Bitcoins are created and then awarded to the computers that are the first to process these transactions coming onto the network. The people whose computers do this most quickly collect a fresh helping of Bitcoins.These virtual miners must report the fair market value of the currency (on the day they received it) as gross income. Miners are also required to pay self-employment tax — that is, Social Security and Medicare taxes — if the mining “constitutes a trade or business,” according to the I.R.S.I was paid in Bitcoin. Are there any special tax consequences?Receiving wages from an employer in a virtual currency is like being paid in dollars: It is taxable to the employee, must be reported by the employer on a Form W-2 and is subject to federal income tax withholding, according to Wolters Kluwer.Independent contractors paid in digital currency must also treat that as gross income and pay self-employment taxes.What if I paid someone else in Bitcoin for their services?When you pay an independent worker (not on your payroll) in excess of $600 for services performed for your “trade or business,” that should be reported to the I.R.S. and the person receiving the payment (generally using Form 1099-MISC). The same rules apply when an individual is paid in virtual currency with an equivalent value.Can I reduce my tax bill by donating my cryptocoins?Potentially. Only people who itemize their tax returns can deduct their charitable contributions. But under the new tax code, far fewer people are likely to itemize starting with their 2018 return.For those who still itemize, it may be possible to directly donate their Bitcoin (or Ether, etc.), just as they can directly donate, say, highly appreciated stock — as long as the charity accepts it.For example, Fidelity Charitable, a donor-advised fund, allows people to give money, take a tax deduction in the same year, and then invest and allocate the money to select charities over time. Fidelity Charitable collected roughly $22 million in Bitcoin donations through early December; it works with Coinbase, the exchange, to immediately turn the Bitcoin or Ether into cash, which is then invested as its donor wishes.Will I receive any tax forms from my exchange? Do I have to track my own transactions?Generally speaking, brokers and exchanges are not yet required to report cryptocurrency transactions to the I.R.S., as they do when you sell a stock at a profit or loss (and you receive a 1099-B or a 1099-DIV for a mutual fund).But you will need to keep track of every move you make. Coinbase, for example, refers you to your account transaction history for records to compute your gains and losses; it also provides customers a “cost basis for taxes” report.One of the most common questions TurboTax received from its users was how and where to report their virtual currency transactions, according to Lisa Greene-Lewis, an accountant with TurboTax. (Use Form 8949 to add it all up, and report it on Schedule D, along with any other capital gains.)Does the new tax bill change any of this?The bill eliminated what some interpreted to be a tax break for virtual currency holders. Under the old rules, some cryptocoin investors applied a legal maneuver often used with real estate investments to defer their capital gains. Under what is called a 1031 exchange, taxpayers can sell one property and defer taxes as long as the proceeds were reinvested in a similar, or “like-kind,” property and met certain requirements.The I.R.S. didn’t say this strategy could be used with virtual currencies, but some tax experts argued that it was a reasonable — albeit debatable — interpretation since the coins were considered property. Now that the tax legislation limits the use of 1031 exchanges to real estate, they no longer apply, accountants said.So … should I finally buy Bitcoin?Carl Richards, a certified financial planner, recently suggested asking yourself a different question: Does Bitcoin fit into my investment plan?Warren E. Buffett said he believed the cryptocurrency story would end badly, while Abigail Johnson, chief executive officer of Fidelity, called herself a believer.Whatever you decide, never gamble more than what you can afford to lose — and you’ll need to report it.LONDON — Paddle8, the online art auctioneer known for selling a one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album to Martin Shkreli, has had a rough 12 months, including the bankruptcy of its parent company.Now Paddle8 is trying a new tack: merging with The Native, a Swiss technology and e-commerce company, and adopting the use of blockchain, the technology that underpins virtual currencies like Bitcoin.Paddle8 announced on Tuesday that it had taken an investment from The Native, creating what the two say is a partnership meant to adapt online art sales — and potentially more — to an age of wealthy millennials well versed in virtual currencies.Their first partnership will be Paddle8 Lab, which is meant to help introduce tech to online art and luxury sales and will draw on The Native’s Blockchain Lab division.A revamped Paddle8 will open this spring with services meant to go beyond art auctions into other luxury offerings. And the company will hold its first art and luxury auction accepting Bitcoin — already titled “Bidcoin” — on Aug. 18.“This is a way for us to show we can better align with a new generation of collectors,” Alexander Gilkes, a founder of Paddle8, said in a telephone interview.In 2016, Paddle8 merged with Auctionata in an effort to create a next-generation trans-Atlantic online auction house — but the marriage dissolved early last year when Auctionata filed for insolvency after serious questions about its business practices came to light.“Last year was a horrible start to the year,” Mr. Gilkes said. Of the merger with Auctionata, he added, “There were very many salient reasons for doing it, but we didn’t see how the events would unfold.”Sergey Skaterschikov, The Native’s chairman, said he saw the benefits of applying blockchain technology, essentially an online ledger of transactions, to the art world.“A lot of the art trade is built on asymmetric information,” he said. “It was scaring a lot of potential buyers from the collectible market.”The Native will buy a 15 percent stake in Paddle8 for 8.5 million Swiss francs, or $8.8 million. The Native will also have an option to buy an additional 36 percent of Paddle8 for 24.5 million Swiss francs, giving it a majority stake.“The nature of the transaction actually solved for our reservations,” Osman Khan, another Paddle8 founder, said. “It really is a somewhat more cautious approach, after what we’d gone through.”Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, the investors who have long been proponents of Bitcoin and virtual currencies, have advised Paddle8 since 2015 and had pushed the company to adopt blockchain technology.“We’ve long considered cryptocurrency as key to increasing transparency in markets around the world, including the art market,” Cameron Winklevoss said in a statement.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good evening. Here’s the latest.1. Stephen Bannon, President Trump’s former chief strategist, has been called to testify before a grand jury — the latest twist in the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.This is the first time the special counsel, Robert Mueller, is known to have used a grand jury subpoena to question a member of Mr. Trump’s inner circle.It could be a negotiating tactic, or a sign that Mr. Bannon is not the focus of the investigation.____2. A Senate hearing meant to be a long-awaited discussion of border walls turned into an impromptu interrogation about the words President Trump used — or did not use — last week to describe African countries.“I don’t dispute that the president was using tough language,” said Kirstjen Nielsen, the Homeland Security secretary, above, but she denied hearing Mr. Trump call African nations “shithole countries.”The Trump administration, meanwhile, bolstered its hard-line immigration stance with a report that concluded that three out of four convicted terrorists in the U.S. were foreign-born. Ms. Nielsen called the data “truly chilling.” But the statistics were notable as much for what they did not contain as for what they did.____3. President Trump’s overall health was “excellent,” the White House physician said after a medical exam. But the president’s weight is 239 pounds and, according to the doctor, he does not get enough exercise.“I’ve found no reason whatsoever to think the president has any issues whatsoever with his thought processes,” the physician said.And Mr. Trump will need that mental stamina: A government shutdown could come at the end of this week if Congress doesn’t reach a deal on a spending bill. We clarify what’s at stake for lawmakers in both parties._____4. Another false missile alarm, this time in Japan.Just days after the state government of Hawaii accidentally sent a cellphone alert that North Korea had launched a missile and that citizens should take shelter — Japan’s public broadcaster did the same thing.One big difference: It took Hawaii nearly 40 minutes to correct the mistake; in Japan it took five._____5. A shocking story emerged from Southern California, where the police reported finding a group of siblings held captive, some in chains, by their own parents, above.The discovery came after one sibling, a girl, escaped and called the police, who rescued her 12 brothers and sisters, some shackled to their beds.The officers did not immediately realize that seven of the siblings were adults because they were emaciated. In fact, they range in age from 2 to 29. The girl who called the police, officials said, looked to be 10, but was actually 17._____6. From our Op-Ed desk: An article published by a feminist website that accuses the actor and comedian Aziz Ansari of sexual misconduct is “arguably the worst thing that has happened to the #MeToo movement,” our columnist writes.To lump a lousy romantic encounter in with the same movement that brought down men who abused their power “trivializes what #MeToo first stood for,” she said._____7. Oil briefly passed $70 a barrel and there is no shortage of reasons for the prices to climb higher.And U.S. banks are big winners in the $1.5 trillion tax overhaul. And in another win for banks, the Senate is poised to roll back regulations that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis.Separately, it was a bad day for General Electric, which took on a $6.2 billion charge to pay for problems in its finance unit._____8. Yes, the bitcoin bubble is driven by greed — but the fever for cryptocurrency could eventually create something much more important than wealth. (Even if it’s a bit complicated.)To investigate, we went inside the newly megarich cryptocurrency community. We found a tightknit group of friends — developers, libertarians, Redditors and cypherpunks — who talk about changing the world order._____9. Like a lot of Philip Roth fans, our literary critic wondered what the author of “American Pastoral,” “I Married a Communist” and “The Plot Against America” makes of this strange period we are living in now.Here, in this exclusive interview, the (former) novelist shares his thoughts on President Trump, #MeToo and retirement.And here’s another tribute to Dolores O’Riordan, above, the lead singer of the Irish rock band the Cranberries who died on Monday in London._____10. Finally, late night hosts like Stephen Colbert, above, and Jimmy Fallon weren’t about to let President Trump’s reported remarks about Haiti and certain African countries go away.Mr. Fallon had this to say: “Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci defended Trump, saying, ‘At the end of the day, he’s not a racist.’ Then he said, ‘During the day, it’s a different story.’”Have a great night._____Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.Want to catch up on past briefings? You can browse them here.If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on Australia, news of the world, and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter. Want to receive it by email? Sign up here.______A few newsletters ago, I asked for your help. Could we, together, vanquish Canada?Could we add more new sign-ups to the Australia Letter than my colleague, Ian Austen, could add to his newsletter, the Canada Letter?Since Canada had more than double our subscriber base to pull from, it was an epic challenge. Not quite like trying to reach the third round of the Australian Open when you’re only 15 years old. But sort of.And you did it.Marta Kostyuk became the youngest woman to reach the third round of a Grand Slam in 21 years this week; and as of Thursday night, 1,921 people signed up for the Australia Letter since my plea at the end of November, compared to 1,334 for the Canada Letter.A toast goes to all those who signed up or who helped sign up friends. Thank you. (Here’s the sign-up page for those still eager to contribute.)Special thanks also goes to those who supported our effort in Australia by giving the gift of a The New York Times subscription for the holidays.And for those looking to exhibit that famous Aussie competitiveness, Kate Moss is the one to beat. Here’s what she wrote to us in December:Now before some of you get all cross with me for the self-celebratory tone, let me also say this: We’re not yet where we aim to be.The Australia bureau is less than a year old and we still have a lot to learn about how to make sure we’re telling the stories — and sharing the stories beyond this continent — that will add value to your routine.As always, we’re eager to hear from you. If you have a story tip, an investigative lead, or an anecdote for our Australia Diary, email us at nytaustralia@nytimes.com.We’re also pushing forward with brainstorming of our own.I just got back from an annual meeting of New York Times correspondents in the Asia-Pacific region. For three days in Hong Kong, dozens of New York Times journalists huddled together to talk about coverage for the coming year.We discussed how China is changing under Xi Jinping, what “the China model” actually is, and how it is influencing the world at a time of American retreat.We discussed the direction of India and Myanmar. We discussed religion and democracy. We talked about suicide in Japan, protests in Iran, how technology is being used to reshape interaction for us all.We also ate some amazing food. (Peking duck. Lots of it, among other things.)And of course, we talked about Australia and New Zealand.Interest in this part of the world seems to be growing. As a result, you can expect more visitors this year and a wider range of coverage.Truly, The New York Times here and everywhere is an evolving effort. We’re eager to do great work, and eager to engage our (and your) collective curiosity.So let’s get to it.Here’s this week’s roundup of stories, plus a recommendation for what to listen to while you enjoy the summer heat.See you on Twitter and in our NYT Australia Facebook group!______A former CIA agent was arrested and charged with helping the Chinese government identify informants inside China — possibly explaining why several informants were killed or imprisoned in a major collapse of the American spy network in China.President Trump received a perfect score on a test screening for neurological impairment on Tuesday. The special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, has subpoenaed the president’s former chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, to testify before a grand jury investigating links between the President Trump’s associates and Russia.______To bitcoin or not to bitcoin?As the price of the behemoth cryptocurrency wavered this week, our reporters dove into the world of virtual currency to examine a tightknit group of friends and enthusiasts who hope to shake up the monetary status quo.If you’re in the mood for a longer read, check out this feature from our magazine, where one writer explains why blockchain platforms could make not just money, but history.And have you heard of Ripple, another cryptocurrency that briefly made one of its co-founders richer than Mark Zuckerberg last week?______Grab your raquets. These are the players we’re closely watching at this year’s Australian Open. This is where to find our coverage of all the most important moments and back stories.And remember that whole same-sex marriage thing? We attended one of the first gay weddings for a look at the excitement among vendors who are expecting a boom to the tune of $650 million Australian dollars over the next 12 months.In this week’s Australia Diary, we gathered a collection of poetry that reflects on moments of beauty in nature.And Friday means it’s time for another Besha Rodell review. Return here to be the first to read it.______• Aziz Ansari Is Guilty. Of Not Being a Mind Reader, writes editor Bari Weiss, after a story detailing a sexual encounter between an anonymous woman and the comedian went public, adding another layer to the #metoo conversation.• In Hawaii, Readers React to a Missile Attack False Alarm. “Imagine learning that you have only minutes to live. I texted my family that I loved them because the cell service was overloaded and I couldn’t get a call out,” one reader recalled.• Can a Jew Love France? Alexander Aciman explores the muddled allegiances and yearnings of his French and Jewish heritage.Via our resident podcast fanatic, Isabella Kwai:Check out The Heart, a recently-ended podcast from Brooklyn that looks at all the pieces that make up love — it’s unflinchingly honest, frequently touching. While on my leisurely walk to work, I couldn’t stop listening to this episode about a mother and daughter going on a cruise.Are you off to a women’s march event? Gearing up for a football party? Catching up on movies that might be Oscar worthy? Or, are you just looking for something great to read or watch? Let us give you a hand with that last one, your morning jog (grocery shopping, call to your mom, Netflix marathon) can wait a little longer. Read on!Yes, the mania for cryptocurrency is driven by greed — but it could wind up building something much more important than wealth. Magazine_____In her first on-camera interview, Moira Donegan, the creator of an online spreadsheet that allowed women to list men in the media industry whom they accused of sexual misconduct, talks about her reasons for starting the list and the aftermath of it going viral. Video_____“RuPaul’s Drag Race” has made stars of its contestants, catapulting many into full-fledged careers. But for some who have yet to catch this wave, drag is still an uncertain labor of love. Arts & Leisure_____The e-commerce giant announced a shortlist of places that could become home to its second headquarters. The process has garnered the kind of enthusiasm normally reserved for bids to host the Olympics. Business_____After Babe.net published an article alleging that the actor and comedian Aziz Ansari behaved coercively during a sexual encounter last year, Times Opinion writers, Lindy West and Bari Weiss, weighed in. Opinion_____For years she had wanted to visit her family’s homeland. There at last, she found a memorable tapas bar, soulful culture and a town with her name. Travel_____Becoming a mother is one of the most transformative life experiences. Some women find complete satisfaction in the role, while others are forced to make difficult choices or wish they had remained childless. We set out to capture the breadth of this human phenomenon. We posted a call-out on our social media channels asking you to share your stories — and more than 1,300 of you responded. This six-part video series is the result. Video_____It was a violent year. Liberals reeled, a war dragged on and protests raged. People got all their news from radio, TV and newspapers. But what if they’d had phones vibrating with modern news alerts? Express_____The movie — which won four Golden Globes, including best drama, making it a contentious Oscar favorite (the nominations come our way Tuesday) — thinks it’s saying something profound about human nature and America. But really, writes our critic-at-large Wesley Morris, it’s off key about so many things. Arts_____Ms. O’Riordan’s voice, high and breathy but more determined than fragile, lent an unmistakable sound to songs like the hits “Linger” and “Zombie.” Obituaries_____In an exclusive interview, the (former) novelist shares his thoughts on President Trump, #MeToo and retirement. Books_____And don’t forget to check out our good news digest.I received these two messages within three minutes of each other recently:Several years back I used to mine Bitcoin, and then I sold most of them off for a down payment for our house. I had 400 BTC at one point, which would be worth $6.8 million today. Needless to say, I am really depressed now. I only kept one Bitcoin. I should have kept more.And this one:My husband has invested in Bitcoin, and my son has invested in Etherium! I am debating about switching my 401(k) to Bitcoin.Everyone, including my mother, is wondering if they should buy Bitcoin or some other cryptocurrency. And since everyone is asking, there are plenty of semi-informed people providing answers. But if you try to find a solid answer to this question, you will probably just end up more confused. Answering the question means guessing where the price of Bitcoin is headed, and nobody who is being honest actually knows.So may I humbly suggest that asking if we should all buy Bitcoin is the wrong question, and that we should ask a different one instead. The question we should be asking ourselves is this: Does buying Bitcoin fit into my investment plan?That is a much more important question and one that we can all answer much more easily. It places the attention on the process of investing correctly and not on the outcome of events that we have no control over.In order to answer the investing plan question, it might help to clarify a few things.Investing is different from speculating or gambling. Investing is a means to an end, and that end is our collective financial goals. Beating the stock market, buying what’s hot, outperforming a brother-in-law — those are not financial goals. Financial goals are things like having money to send kids to college, buying a house, taking a trip or retiring someday. This is why we invest.If we start by declaring that certain important goals are the reasons we are investing, then we can move on to figuring out the investment process that can help us meet those goals while taking the least amount of risk. The moment we start down that road, we run into the closest thing we have in finance to the law of gravity: diversification.Investors do not put all their eggs in one basket. That’s something speculators do. Our financial goals are important, and the consequences of failure are high. So we spread our risk out by diversifying across lots of different types of investments, like stocks and bonds and real estate, both in the countries where we live and far away. We choose each one carefully based on how it interacts with the others in our portfolio.This is what the process of investing looks like. And yeah, it can be a little boring. But it is far better than repeatedly getting our teeth kicked in from buying high and selling low, which is often what happens when we chase the latest shiny thing that’s grown in value exponentially or that Peter Thiel is betting on.So this isn’t really about Bitcoin at all. Just like it wasn’t about real estate in 2007, or internet stocks in 1999. This is about investing versus something else we typically call gambling or speculating. It’s not about where Bitcoin is going, or what we might have missed out on over the last year. All of that is out of our control.What is in our control is the process of identifying goals, building a portfolio that matches those goals and then maintaining it for a very long time (even when it’s scary, or hard) so we can achieve those goals.So no, I cannot tell you if you should be buying Bitcoin. But I can urge you to ask a very different question.Sometimes life shows you what absurd really is. This is one of those times. I’m talking about the phenomenon known as Bitcoin, a monetary system based on computation, complex algorithms and — let’s face it — communal delusion.You’ve probably heard about this funny money, digital tokens that can be sent securely from computer to computer, with records kept through an online accounting system known as blockchain. (My colleague Nathaniel Popper has been writing great stuff about it.)Millions of people now have accounts with Coinbase, the leading marketplace for digital currencies. And the rush into the market has helped push prices up. At the beginning of last year, you could pick up a Bitcoin (not literally, because they’re virtual, DUH) for about a thousand bucks. Its gyrations briefly brought its price near $20,000, according to Blockchain.info, which tracks such things.So what’s the problem?Let me answer that question with a question: What do you know about tulips? Yes, I am referring to the Dutch tulip craze back in the 17th century, and the speculative bubble that preceded the stock market crash of 1929, and the dot-com boom and crash that started in the late 1990s. Remember that last one, when learned analysts told us that advancing technology had eliminated the business cycle?Good times. No bubble is too big to burst.But hey, no regrets! Carpe Bitcoin! (But not literally.)Signs of a bubble seem to be everywhere in the Bitcoin world today. Companies are trying to cash in by sprinkling themselves with a little Bitcoin fairy dust. Take the company called Long Island Iced Tea, which makes, you know, tea. The price of its shares nearly doubled one day last month after it announced that it would change its name to “Long Blockchain Corp.” The company’s announcement claimed it would “pursue opportunities” in blockchain technology. Which makes it sound as if some of those teas they brew are highly caffeinated. Or that people are indulging in that other kind of Long Island Iced Tea.I called Christian Day, a professor at Syracuse University law school who has written about bubbles and panics. He said that comparing Bitcoin to the tulip craze was unfair to tulips: “The Dutch were not as crazy as they’ve been portrayed.”For one thing, the tulip bulbs were real, he said, and the hybrids that were the subject of speculation could be extremely valuable. What’s more, much of the trading was done by people who knew their horticulture. With the modern techno-tulips, he said, “I don’t think there’s anything there.”Some of the most skeptical folks are experts in cryptography and computer security. Steven Bellovin, an adept in computer security and a professor at Columbia University, told me that the technology is still too buggy, “a lab experiment that escaped into the wild.” It’s hard to trust a currency, he said, that’s “backed by the full faith and credit of software that has to be updated monthly.”Another security expert, Matt Blaze, recently tweeted, “Cryptocurrency somehow combines everything we love about religious fanatics with everything we love about Ponzi schemes.”Ouch, currency guys. Well, you can afford some very expensive salves for those burns. For now.For another point of view — because I’m all about even-handedness, people! — I checked with Jim Harper, executive vice president of the Competitive Enterprise Institute. He served on the board of the Bitcoin Foundation and says the promise of Bitcoin is to create a payment system people can use anywhere in the world with privacy and security. He says its true value will be in commerce, not speculation.Well, that hasn’t happened yet; the price is too unstable. He said the currency will move beyond some of the early notorious uses in illegal commerce. As for the tulip comparisons, he joked, “Laugh all you want: My initial coin offering for cryptotulips will be worth billions!”I have discovered that the cryptocurrency revolution has reached my own family. My 22-year-old son told me that he had tried to buy a bit of a Bitcoin a few weeks ago and actually lost the money. It was his cash to spend, so there was no lecturing him about it. But I did ask why he had tried to invest in Bitcoin when he’s shown little interest in, say, mutual funds.He said that he had been unaware of the speculation in Bitcoin. Instead, he said, he was trying to use it for precisely what Mr. Harper says it will be best for: currency transactions with vendors who do not accept, for example, debit cards or PayPal.“What I was actually trying to do was buy porn,” he said patiently. “From Japan.”As I said, he’s a millennial, full of that generation’s bracing honesty. I’m glad he told me, but I sure don’t need to know more about the particular transaction, except for the clarifying fact that this vendor would take Bitcoin.He said he followed the instructions and created a “wallet” and went to an exchange and, after entering a great deal of personal information, bought a small fraction of a bitcoin — in fact, 0.005 of one, “the lowest quantity you could purchase” on the site. Then he found that he couldn’t figure out how to get to his money, grew frustrated and gave up. Well, I told him, losing 70 bucks is hardly ruinous; it’s more like the cost of an education.As we discussed the aborted transaction, he grabbed his laptop and took another look at the exchange site.“Oh,” he said. “I got in.” A calmer state of mind had led to success.The result? “I’ve got 0.00545679 Bitcoin,” he said, reading off the screen, “which is now worth … $96.” In the time the money had been locked up, it had jumped in value by about a third. “This has been a profitable evening!”Tell me about it. In sheer percentage terms, his little investment outperformed my 401(k)’s return for an entire year.Now I am trying to figure out how to cash in on all of this, though without buying Bitcoin myself. It’s exactly the kind of market that a fool like me might be tempted to rush into, but I’ve learned enough over the years to know that by the time I finally try the hot new thing, it is already cold and old. I am the maker of markets, the loser who helps to create winners.Instead, maybe I’ll just pull a Long Island Iced Tea and change my name to Blockchain Schwartz. It has a nice ring to it! But that’s just a start.I think I’ll write all of my articles from now on in an encrypted form and publish them via blockchain. This means, unfortunately, that no one will be able to read them.You may say that nobody can read your stuff anyway! You can be cruel, reader. But I say that the exclusivity and security built into my cryptoprose will make each article surge in value. Until I lose my passwords.Five years ago, I wrote my first article about virtual currencies, documenting the sizable stockpile of Bitcoins that the Winklevoss twins, Cameron and Tyler, had amassed.At the time, I figured Bitcoin would be a flash in the pan, with roughly the life span of pet rocks or Furbys. But neither Bitcoin nor the Winklevii, as they’re known, has withered under the unending stream of skepticism. The value of a single Bitcoin is now up more than 11,000 from when I wrote that first story, and the brothers have become billionaires, at least on paper.I have continued writing about Bitcoin throughout its remarkable rise, but I could have never anticipated the way the technology has broken out over the past year, with everyone from Vladimir Putin to mom-and-pop investors in South Korea looking at how to use and profit from the technology.(Most recently, I wrote about the enormous electricity consumption of the network of computers supporting Bitcoin, which now uses as much energy as some medium-sized countries.)These developments have been enough to turn me, over the last year, into essentially a full-time cryptocurrency reporter. It’s safe to say that’s a first for The Times.Before this all began, I was covering financial markets and banks from New York. That gave me a grounding to begin understanding this, but Bitcoin has turned into a very different kind of financial market. At the banks, I kept hearing about how they were taking this technology seriously as something that might change their business in the long run. That is because beneath the digital tokens, Bitcoin introduced a new kind of crowdsourced financial infrastructure, known as the blockchain, that allows for the creation of money and financial records that aren’t maintained by any central authority like a bank or a government.Claims about Bitcoin’s longevity differ dramatically. If you listen only to virtual currency aficionados, you would think that digital money is certain to dethrone the dollar as the global reserve currency and kill Wall Street, to boot. I get dozens of emails every day from entrepreneurs who tell me how they are going to use the technology introduced by Bitcoin to revolutionize the music industry, or shipping business, or even democracy itself. Meanwhile, very smart people like Warren Buffett and Joseph Stiglitz have continued to say that the whole thing is just a bubble waiting to burst.How is a single journalist supposed to work through it all? It can feel a bit like being there at the invention of the stock market, but with no certainty that stocks would actually work as promised — and with everything hinging on software that few people understand.Certainly one part of this requires understanding the technical details of how Bitcoin and other digital tokens work. The time I’ve spent grappling with the inner workings of virtual currencies has given me a sense of why so many computer scientists see the Bitcoin network as real technological innovation and not just a token that people buy and sell. I have a good stable of geeks who help walk me through the details when I get confused. And when I go to dinner parties it comes in handy — everyone these days wants to talk about how Bitcoin works and whether it is a bubble.But from that first article about the Winklevoss twins, I have tried to focus, whenever possible, on the real people who are buying and using Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, and what is motivating them. That has taken me to Argentina, where I saw how people are using virtual currencies to escape the inflation their local currency is experiencing. It has also led me to the online black markets, where virtual currencies have made it easier for addicts to buy deadly drugs from China and for criminals to collect ransom payments.It is also the real-world usage that tests whether Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are able to live up to the big promises that they are making. With most virtual currency projects, I’ve found that there are relatively few real-world transactions to back up the big, speculative bets that investors are making.Perhaps most fascinating is how these new currencies draw communities around them. It’s a potent reminder that all money is a social construct: The more people who believe a Bitcoin or dollar will retain its value in a week, the greater the value the currency will have.But these are still early days. The death of Bitcoin has been wrongfully proclaimed many times already. For my part, The Times’s rules against investing in what we write about has allowed me to be equally open to this going up or down.Beyond that, these virtual currencies are all living economics experiments, testing how different sorts of incentives create different behaviors. Bitcoin has an elaborate system of carrots and sticks designed to attract followers and to increase the cybersecurity of the Bitcoin network. But these incentives don’t always work as expected. That uncertainty is what makes it so interesting to watch — and to report on.Each Friday, Farhad Manjoo, technology columnist at The New York Times, reviews the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Good morning, readers! It was an interesting week in the tech world. Let’s get to the news.One thread in the yearlong backlash against the tech industry concerns inequality. Many tech giants are built on scale — the idea that they can serve billions of customers while employing far fewer people than corporate giants of yore. Those dynamics are good for business, but they don’t make for great optics. There’s a danger that tech C.E.O.s come to be seen as out-of-touch coastal elites.Well, they want you to know they aren’t.Amazon is so all-in on America that it wants to open another headquarters here; on Thursday, the company announced the 20 cities that made its cut as possible locations. There’s one city in Canada — Toronto — and several coastal enclaves (New York, Washington, Los Angeles), but there’s oh-so-much Middle America here, too. Wherever it ends up is, at this point, almost beside the point; Amazon has won so much positive coverage from the selection process that it can already count the story as a big win.Meanwhile, in its own very well-designed press release, Apple announced this week that it would bring a historic pile of cash back to America. The company has about $270 billion in cash, but it had parked most of it overseas for tax reasons. Under the new tax code signed into law last year by President Trump, Apple said, it will pay $38 billion in taxes on that money — the largest tax bill ever paid — and invest billions in new facilities and people in the United States. The company is also giving many of its employees a $2,500 bonus.Apple’s announcement made Trump very happy. And the president’s victory lap is, I think, somewhat deserved. Trump and the tech industry have not had the warmest relationship, but it’s clear that his campaign — in which he constantly harangued Apple and Amazon for perceived slights — has shaken the industry from its presumption that everyone in the country loves it.Just a few weeks ago, people brave enough to enter the market for Bitcoin and its many rival electronic currencies looked like lucky geniuses. They were suddenly making millions, even billions — and you were kicking yourself for overlooking the crypto boom.Well, now you’re the genius (if still poor). Much of the cryptocurrency market took a bath this week, with Bitcoin falling below $10,000 at one point, more than 50 percent off its December peak.Reddit was flooded with panicked crypto lovers, but, as it usually does, the market leveled off by the end of the week, and crypto-heads were professing to be back on board for the long haul. Godspeed, I guess.There wasn’t so much else in tech news this week, so take some time to read some great magazine stories.In Bloomberg Businessweek, Eric Newcomer and Brad Stone have a dishy inside look at how Travis Kalanick, Uber’s co-founder and former hard-charging C.E.O., fell from grace. Among the details: During one harrowing Kalanick-caused scandal, he fell to “his hands and knees and began squirming on the floor.”Also, Steven Johnson has a fascinating piece in The New York Times Magazine about the uses for the blockchain, the technology undergirding cryptocurrencies. And in The New Yorker, there’s a lovely ode to blogging and The Awl, a much-beloved Brooklyn web magazine that sadly called it quits this week.Speaking of quits: See you next week!Farhad Manjoo writes a weekly technology column called State of the Art. You can follow him on Twitter here: @fmanjoo.Good morning. Scared elephants, social media bots, and good news on the global economy: Here’s your Morning Briefing.• A decade after the financial crisis, the world has hit a key marker of recovery.All of the world’s big economies are growing. Asia stands out, led by China, India and Indonesia.There is no single explanation, our correspondent notes, but many of the destructive forces unleashed in the downturn have simply finished playing out._____• Bots for sale: Fake accounts infest the world’s social media platforms, and nearly 15 percent of Twitter’s active users may be bots — including the Communist Party’s flagship News organization, Xinhua News. Read our investigation into social media’s black market.Within China, Twitter is banned. But pervasive propaganda protects President Xi Jinping’s rule and extends the party’s dominance over everyday life. Our Beijing correspondent noted more than 70 posters, billboards, screens and other carriers of state messaging on his daily 30-minute commute._____• Roger Federer, 36, won the Australian Open, under a controversially closed roof.It was his 20th Grand Slam singles title. Caroline Wozniacki won her first.And, by the way, how did the tournament go from a backwater to the largest annual sporting event in the Southern Hemisphere? Our correspondent found the key in its embrace of Asia._____• Afghanistan is bleeding.The Taliban detonated an ambulance packed with explosives in Kabul on Saturday, killing scores of people.It was the city’s second deadly attack in a week. Another casualty: Afghanistan’s main airline is struggling to survive after more than 50 foreign employees fled the country.The Trump administration is preparing to increase the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan. Meawhile, Pakistan’s powerful new army chief is building contacts in China, Iran, Qatar, Russia and Saudi Arabia that could help wean his country from U.S. influence._____• Myanmar’s army, which seized power from a civilian government in 1962, has spent seven decades fighting domestic ethnic minorities.The army, known as the Tatmadaw, has displaced millions of people while making billions of dollars in profit from natural resources — and enriching its officers. Handing some power back to civilian leaders has done little to change it.“The Tatmadaw is an unreconstructed, unrepentant institution that is abusive to its core,” said an analyst in the country._____• Bruno Mars (above), Kendrick Lamar, Cardi B and Lady Gaga are among those performing at the Grammy Awards tonight.If Jay-Z wins, will he respond to President Trump’s comment?Check our live briefing for updates. And here’s the full list of winners.• In Vietnam, a state-run company asked the U.S. government for help financing a coal-powered power plant to help feed its fast-growing economy. But the project is under fire from environmentalists, and its ties to a Kremlin-backed bank could be problematic.• Ingvar Kamprad, the frugal Swedish entrepreneur who created Ikea, died at 91. His driving ambition led him into alcoholism, years of fascination with fascism and a life of almost monastic frugality.• Walmart is making a belated push into digital books, building an app with Rakuten, the Japanese e-commerce giant.• The winner at Davos: China and its campaign to extend its economic reach around the world. But the country’s claim to environmental leadership is complicated by its enormous greenhouse gas emissions.• Travel Frog, a Japanese mobile game that lacks a clear plotline, rose to the top of the free simulation game category in Apple’s App Store in China. It's a bit hard to explain why.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• Demonstrators turned out across Russia for protests against what they called a lack of choice in the March vote that will almost certainly extend Vladimir Putin’s presidency. The protests’ orchestrator, Aleksei Navalny, was detained by force. [The New York Times]• Saudi Arabia’s most prominent investor, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has been freed after being locked up for more than 80 days in the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Riyadh. It is widely presumed that he purchased his freedom by handing over a chunk of his immense fortune to the government. [The New York Times]• A French mountain climber who had been stranded on a treacherous peak in Pakistan was rescued, but her Polish climbing partner remained in peril. [The New York Times]• Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull released a plan to make Australia one of the world’s top 10 weapons exporters. [The Guardian]• In the U.S., the government is now funded till Feb. 8. A new focus for negotiations on a budget: Democratic efforts to protect the special counsel in the Russia inquiry. [The New York Times]• A series of fires and accidents in South Korea, including a fire on Friday that killed at least 37 people at a hospital, cast doubt on President Moon Jae-in’s vow to make the country safer. [The New York Times]• Hong Kong disqualified a 21-year-old democracy advocate from running for the local legislature, making her the latest young politician to be barred from public office. [The New York Times]• Hackers breached Coincheck, a cryptocurrency trading exchange in Tokyo, and stole about $534 million in virtual money. [Reuters]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• This year, travel with wellness in mind.• Here’s how to make sure your medicine makes it through customs.• Start the week with a red lentil stew spiced with turmeric, chili and ginger.• Elephants are scaredy cats. (Yes, you heard right.) A new study explains why Asian and African elephants are terrified of bees — and why that’s good for farmers.• Do musical motifs cut across cultures? Take our quiz that’s based on new scientific research.• What does a suffering person want to hear? In our Opinion section, a woman living with a serious cancer weighed in.• “Something of a bore” is how our critic described “Padmaavat,” a lavish film that inspired protests and threats of violence in India.He was born in San Francisco and named after a Confederate general. But he died as a celebrated poet of the United States and its people, especially the flinty farmers of New England.Robert Frost, whose life was full of paradoxes, died on this day in 1963 in a Boston hospital. A gifted observer of nature and the human spirit, he won four Pulitzer Prizes and spoke at John F. Kennedy’s inauguration in 1961.Frost lived for years in Vermont and New Hampshire, initially working as a farmer, reporter and shoemaker. His poetry, including works like “The Road Not Taken” and “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening,” used colloquial language and spoke to an urbanized generation that longed for the simplicities of rural life.“I don’t like to write anything I don’t see,” he said before his 88th birthday.But he “had no illusions about the life of the soil,” The Times noted the day after his death in 1963, in part because he knew it could be “spiritually crippling and physically exhausting.”_____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Browse past briefings here. We have briefings timed for the Australian, Asian, European and American mornings. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.