Each week, Kevin Roose, technology columnist at The New York Times, discusses developments in the tech industry, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Hi, it’s me again. Let’s get to it.The biggest story in tech this week was the Security and Exchange Commission’s announcement of fraud charges against Theranos, the smoke-and-mirrors biotech company; its founder, Elizabeth Holmes; and its former president, Ramesh Balwani. As part of a settlement, Holmes has agreed to pay a $500,000 fine; surrender much of her stake in Theranos, which was once valued at $4.5 billion; and accept a decade-long ban on being an officer or a director of a public company. The settlement doesn’t involve any jail time or admission of guilt, although the company is also facing a separate criminal investigation.The complaint, which you should really read if you’re interested in the anatomy of a corporate downfall, contains stunning accusations. They include:■ Theranos exaggerated its revenue by 1,000 times, telling at least one potential investor that it had made $108 million in 2014, when its actual revenue was around $100,000.■ Theranos employees wrote flattering reports about the company’s own products, put the logos of pharmaceutical companies on them and used them to imply that those companies had endorsed Theranos’s technology.■ Theranos was paid millions of dollars by Walgreens (in the complaint, it’s listed as “Pharmacy A”) to roll out testing services at its stores. When its own diagnostic tools weren’t ready in time, Theranos passed third-party testers off as its own.■ Theranos repeatedly lied to reporters from publications like Wired, Fortune and The Wall Street Journal about how many tests its proprietary machines were capable of running, and gave those misleading articles to investors as proof of the company’s accomplishments.This is juicy, Hollywood-ready stuff, and the complaint makes it clear that Theranos — which was once a legitimate Silicon Valley darling, with more than $700 million in venture capital raised from prominent investors — is one of the biggest scandals to hit the tech industry in years.The complaint also helped explain the precise nature of Theranos’s deception, and how it differed from other Silicon Valley companies that have struggled to bring their products to market.Unlike a shady cryptocurrency initial coin offering, Theranos didn’t start off as a sham. Holmes was trying to create something real and useful, a blood-testing machine that would be able to run hundreds of different tests on a machine roughly the size of a desktop computer, using much smaller samples of blood than a traditional machine. Had it worked, it would have been a legitimately important innovation.The problem is that the miniLab, as Theranos’s testing machine came to be called, didn’t work. Or, at least, it wasn’t capable of handling all the tests Theranos had promised it would, within the time frame it had agreed to. According to the complaint:On its own, this is nothing unusual. Production delays, especially of complex hardware products, are common in Silicon Valley, and overeager marketing and sales departments often get ahead of engineering teams. Apple is notorious for tinkering with new iPhone designs right up until the factory deadline, and practically every major hardware company has shown off products in onstage demos that weren’t yet shelf-ready.But according to the complaint, instead of asking Walgreens for more time, Theranos decided to lie. Holmes and Balwani told their engineers to modify standard blood-testing machines to make them look like the company’s new miniLabs. They then misled Walgreens executives and potential investors about how their tests were being performed, the regulators said, while furiously trying to get the miniLabs ready.What’s so odd about the Theranos story is that failure and delays are not just common in the tech industry, they’re practically expected. Apps routinely die on arrival, hardware doesn’t pan out, partnerships fall through. Ideally, these things happen before you raise hundreds of millions of dollars in venture capital and strike distribution deals with major retail chains, but even if they don’t, they’re generally not the end of the world. (For an example of a company that raised millions of dollars for an overhyped product and then imploded without accusations of fraud, look at Clinkle.)It would have been embarrassing, and possibly career-damaging, for Holmes to admit to her investors that the miniLab was not going to work out, renege on the deals she had struck with chains like Walgreens and give back some of the money she had already raised. But it was an option, and one that might have kept her out of the legal mess that followed.Instead, according to the complaint, she constructed an elaborate fiction that she would spend the rest of her tenure trying to keep alive, and that would lead her down the path to this week’s charges. In other words, Holmes’s mistake was that she refused to do what so many other entrepreneurs do every day, and come to terms with failure.Kevin Roose writes a column called The Shift and is a writer-at-large for The New York Times Magazine. You can follow him on Twitter here: @kevinroose.INDIAN WELLS, Calif. — Eugenie Bouchard scored a victory in court last month, gaining a favorable ruling from a jury and an undisclosed settlement for damages after suing the United States Tennis Association for a fall in the women’s locker room at the U.S. Open.But it was the only victory in recent months for Bouchard, 24, who is struggling on the tennis court and, increasingly, off it.The latest off-court development is the departure of her agent, John Tobias of TLA, who severed ties with Bouchard last week. Her list of sponsors was once long and lucrative, as she capitalized on her 2014 on-court success, but those relationships have dried up too.TLA was the fourth agency to represent Bouchard since she reached the Wimbledon women’s singles final in 2014. That is an unusual number for any professional athlete, especially in such a short time frame. She also had previously been represented by two heavyweights in sports management, Lagardère and WME/IMG.“I didn’t agree with the way some things were being done, and felt it best if she found someone else,” Tobias said.After losing in the first round at the BNP Paribas Open here on Wednesday, Bouchard conceded that the parting with Tobias was not “by mutual agreement.”“I don’t have anyone in place right now,” she said. “A lot has been going on and it’s, like, the seventh thing on my mind right now. But after this tournament I’ll regroup, spend some time with my team and try to figure something out.”Three people with knowledge of Bouchard’s contracts said that three of her biggest sponsors did not renew their agreements this year: Colgate; Aviva, an insurance company; and Usana, a line of nutritional supplements.With longtime clothing sponsor Nike, Bouchard’s compensation is strictly performance- and rankings-based. That is a fairly standard part of the latter stages of those contracts.Bouchard is currently No. 116 in the WTA rankings. And according to two people with knowledge of Nike’s practices, the company is paying her zero dollars, as of March 1. It is expected that she will no longer wear a line exclusive to her.Of more pressing concern is the fact that her longtime contract with Babolat rackets expired at the end of 2017, and was not renewed.Two minor endorsements in recent weeks were made without Tobias’s knowledge and damaged the player-agent relationship.One advertisement has her promoting an e-book about cryptocurrency. She is seen posing near a basketball court, with the home page of the company’s website appearing on her mobile phone.The second shows Bouchard in full makeup pointing to a tube of chewable energy tablets from Neuenergy.Neither is a blue-chip endorsement with a well-established brand like Rolex and Beats, collaborations that characterized Bouchard’s endorsement portfolio until now.Both advertisements appear on Bouchard’s Instagram  feed, which has more than 1.7 million followers and once was filled with various promotional posts.All that remains are photos from her latest appearance in Sports Illustrated’s swimsuit issue and pictures and videos of her training.After testing rackets during the off-season, Bouchard began the 2018 season playing with a Head model. But she quickly returned to her tried-and-tested Babolat Pure Aero by the time she competed at the Australian Open.On the practice courts at the BNP Paribas Open, Bouchard was still trying out rackets, even though the season is more than two months old.In her first official match since the beginning of February, she lost to the American qualifier Sachia Vickery, 6-3, 6-4, in an error-strewn effort that spoke to her lack of recent match play.Her preparation, cut short by the time spent in New York for the trial, was curtailed even more by an infection that required the extraction of two wisdom teeth shortly before she flew to California.The effect of the fall at the 2015 United States Open on Bouchard’s performance may never be fully quantified. She had been struggling that season long before she slipped and fell in the women’s locker room.But Bouchard had remained highly marketable despite her fall in the rankings. She has been given a significant number of wild cards into tournaments, including one into the main draw of the BNP Paribas Open this week. And her appearance in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue was a repeat performance from 2017.But it seems that now, the effects of her struggles on the court finally are being felt off it.RENO, Nev. — A growing homelessness crisis. Complaints about traffic congestion. Worries that the economy is becoming dominated by a wealthy elite.Those sound like California’s problems in a nutshell. But now they are also among California’s leading exports.Just ask the citizens of this city, where growing numbers of Californians and companies like Tesla have migrated to take advantage of cheap land and comparatively low home prices. A four-hour drive from Silicon Valley, across a mountain range and a state line, Reno is finding that imported growth is accompanied by imported problems.On a recent evening, Chance Reading, an electrician who has lived in the area for 15 years, went to the City Council chambers to speak against a proposed development near his home in Verdi, on Reno’s outskirts. He was part of a standing-room crowd that lined the back wall and spilled into the lobby. Neighbor after neighbor walked to the microphone to complain about clogged roads, overcrowded schools and a creeping sense that local residents were being overwhelmed by development.“Our big message tonight is really about the pace of growth and trying to have a sustainable growth pattern versus a cycle of boom and bust,” Mr. Reading said before the meeting.And it’s not just happening in Reno. Austin, Tex.; Boise, Idaho; Denver; Phoenix; Portland, Ore.; and Seattle have all seen a huge influx of home buyers from California, according to the real estate website Zillow. A common thread is that each of these cities faces a growing housing crisis that, while not as severe as California’s, is setting off many of the same debates.In Washington State, the legislature considered, but ultimately killed, a bill that would let cities like Seattle impose rent control. Affordable housing has emerged as the top priority for voters in Denver, while groups in Boise are organizing to fight “irresponsible development.”Such concerns are a far cry from those of even the recent past in Reno, where the economy has long been based on gambling and the city’s status as a small, sedate northern answer to Las Vegas.A little under a decade ago, Reno was one of America’s foreclosure capitals and the unemployment rate was just below 14 percent. The gambling industry was skidding, tax revenue was plunging and construction companies were either going out of business or shredding their payroll from several hundred employees to a few dozen.“Everybody was leaving and Reno was basically closing its doors,” Lance Gilman, an industrial land broker, said in a recent interview while wearing a cowboy hat, several gold rings, a gold chain and a gold watch. (This being Nevada, he is also the proprietor of a prominent brothel, the Mustang Ranch.)Today, the city and the surrounding metropolitan area of 450,000 people are so deep into another boom that local residents are starting to wonder if the rebound has been too much too soon. For decades, one of Reno’s chief attributes has been its proximity to California. It has prospered by being a refuge for people and businesses looking for less expensive homes, land and labor, along with the added benefit of not having a state income tax.And that is what is driving growth today. Net annual departures from California slowed to about 20,000 after the recession, but have climbed back to more than 100,000, according to the Census Bureau. “A lot of people feel like they want to get out while those markets are hot,” said Jaime Moore, a real estate agent based in Reno who is with Redfin, a national real estate brokerage firm, speaking about the high-price cities in coastal California.As a result, the Reno housing market has gone from moribund to scorching. As of February, the median home price in the metropolitan area was about $340,000, more than double its recessionary trough of about $150,000, according to Zillow. The inventory of homes for sale was down 22 percent from a year earlier, according to Redfin, and sales were happening at a much faster clip. The typical home for sale was under contract in 55 days, 24 days faster than a year earlier.In Reno and elsewhere, one distinguishing feature of the recent migration is that it is not limited to retirees who sold their home with plans to funnel the profits toward a cheaper and lower-tax retirement. There is also an influx of young professionals like Brian Quon, a automation engineer at Tesla.Mr. Quon, 37, moved to Reno last year, mostly for professional reasons. He bought a house for $400,000, about a third of what his home in San Jose, Calif., was worth, and he said Reno was friendlier and had a slower pace. He said he was not really aware of the debate about growing pains, because he was extremely busy at work and almost no one he worked with was from Nevada.“As the kids grow up and go to school, I’m sure we’ll be more involved in the community,” said Mr. Quon, who is married and has two children under 3.In contrast to their counterparts in the Bay Area, where the term “gentrification” is used carefully and with regret, Reno boosters and real estate agents boast about how blocks of rundown weekly motels are just months away from gentrifying. Come back soon, the message goes, and all this stuff will be torn down and gone.Today the typical Reno rent is just under $1,700 a month, up about 30 percent from five years ago, according to Zillow. One result has been a surge in Reno’s homeless population. The city’s shelter, just a few blocks past a bus station, is overflowing with residents and recently added a propane-heated tent to accommodate all the extra people.On a recent chilly morning, with a snowstorm bearing down, Aria Overli, went door to door through a motel just off the downtown strip. Ms. Overli, an organizer with Actionn, a housing advocacy group in Northern Nevada, passed the sounds of saws and renovations, knocking on doors. Many residents who answered said they were on the verge of being evicted.For the past year Actionn has been organizing tenants in Reno’s weekly motels, many of whom are one step removed from homelessness. The group has been taking residents to City Council meetings, where they speak out against new local ordinances — like a requirement that motel rooms have small kitchens — that they fear will push rents higher. The group has also been pushing for financing for affordable housing and for requirements that developers include subsidized units in new projects.“This rapid economic growth has come with a housing crisis,” said J. D. Klippenstein, Actionn’s executive director.Mr. Gilman, the broker and brothel owner, has been at the center of Reno’s evolution. He arrived in 1985 after reading a report titled “10 boomtowns you can count on for the ’90s.” He and a group of business partners went on to buy and sell various plots of land for housing and commercial development that was primarily marketed toward the kinds of retirees and second-home owners who had sought out Reno in earlier migrations from California.Two decades ago, the group bought several hundred thousand acres outside town and, after adding roads and other infrastructure, turned it into a vast industrial park among buff-colored mountains that was initially used mostly as a center for warehouse and logistics operations for big retailers like Walmart. The park expanded as consumers did more of their shopping online, but its growth took off three years ago as Reno started to rebrand as a technology hub, and Nevada offered a $1.3 billion incentive package to bring in Tesla’s Gigafactory.As the park and its tenants have prospered, the Reno airport has added flights connecting it with tech hubs like Austin. Hotels are marketing themselves as smoke-free and, in place of casinos, have added diversions like bocce courts and climbing walls. One newly revitalized retail strip has a yoga studio, a gastro pub, a marijuana dispensary and a bubble tea cafe on what was once a used-car lot.Since helping to woo Tesla, Mr. Gilman has reached deals with various other tech companies, including Google and Switch, which runs data centers. A mysterious cryptocurrency company called Blockchains LLC recently bought about 67,000 acres, which was just about everything Mr. Gilman had left to sell.“I’m out of work,” said Mr. Gilman, who noted that he had planned for it to take two decades for the park to sell out the rest of that land.Several years ago, a plastic figurine began appearing around Google’s offices, an aging alien with gray hair, a Google Glass headset and a sign that read, “Get Off My Lawn!”The doll, a special edition of Google’s Android mascot, was a jokey tribute to the Greyglers, a group for the 40-and-over crowd at Google, and the doll hinted at how it felt to be an older worker in tech: funny, self-conscious, a little out of place.The Greyglers still exist, but they’re no longer such an anomaly. Sundar Pichai, Google’s 45-year-old chief executive, would fit in the group. So would Larry Page and Sergey Brin, who co-founded the search engine as graduate students two decades ago; Susan Wojcicki, an early employee who runs YouTube; and most of the company’s other high-ranking executives.For years, the self-appointed leaders of Silicon Valley were young people — mostly men — with age-appropriate behavior. They adopted brash mottos like “move fast and break things” and eschewed work-life balance in favor of all-night hacking sessions in offices that looked more like college dorms. Their successes were cheered, and their sins were shrugged off as the cost of innovation.“Young people are just smarter,” Mark Zuckerberg crowed back in 2007, when he was the 22-year-old wunderkind behind a fledgling social network.Now, of course, Facebook is a global powerhouse, and the company’s pursuit of growth at all costs has led to some truly dire consequences around the world and fueled a larger backlash against tech. At the same time, Mr. Zuckerberg has disproved his own theory. Now 33, he is still not old by any measure (except perhaps his own). But he is a smarter and more self-aware leader than he was a decade ago, and he has shown more willingness to accept responsibility for the company’s mistakes. After years of moving fast and breaking things, Facebook is at least acknowledging its flaws and trying, albeit clumsily, to fix them. That’s a start.There’s a lot of growing up happening in today’s tech industry, where former whiz kids made their fortunes and are now settling down, starting families and starting to think about their legacies. Tech’s work force remains young — according to PayScale, the median employee at the five largest tech companies is around 30, roughly a decade younger than the median American worker — but the industry’s leaders have gotten older, and are seemingly more attuned to the power they wield.“Five years ago, there was no talk of empathy or moral responsibility,” said Om Malik, a venture capitalist who has written about the tech industry for years.Certain corners of the start-up world, such as cryptocurrency ventures, are still filled with reckless renegades. But the industry’s largest companies are now mature, bureaucratic businesses whose daily decisions are heavily scrutinized. That’s a good thing, since the issues many of these companies now face — global information wars, regulation and privacy concerns, diversity and sexual harassment challenges, and worries about technology’s effects on billions of people’s brains — will require thoughtful, grown-up solutions.In recent weeks, I spoke to numerous industry insiders about this coming of age. Here’s what I learned.Tech leaders are becoming more realistic and introspective.Gregor Hochmuth, 33, an early engineer at Instagram, said some of today’s internet giants had grown up with positive-thinking cultures that left them vulnerable to abuse.“The idea that a product could make your life worse was not in anyone’s perception,” said Mr. Hochmuth, who left Instagram in 2014.That perspective helps explain the shock many founders felt when the internet grew into the foundation of global culture and commerce, and products they had built as quirky experiments became pieces of critical infrastructure.“No one was thinking about ‘Wow, in 15 years, billions of people are going to be using this site every day,’” said Andrew McCollum, 34, one of Facebook’s founders, who left the company in 2006 and is now the chief executive of Philo, an internet TV company. “The goal was ‘How do we create something great?’ — not ‘What’s our plan for world domination?’”Twitter, another company started by young idealists, is the latest tech giant to put itself under the microscope. In a series of tweets early this month, Jack Dorsey, Twitter’s chief executive, said the company was trying to improve the health and civility of its platform after years of neglect.“We didn’t fully predict or understand the real-world negative consequences,” Mr. Dorsey, 41, wrote. “We acknowledge that now, and are determined to find holistic and fair solutions.”You could chalk these statements up to self-interest. But Maureen Taylor, a leadership communication expert who frequently coaches tech executives, said this kind of earnest self-examination was becoming more frequent among founders.“As you get older, you realize your responsibilities are bigger,” she said. “People are becoming very thoughtful about the ramifications of technology, and remembering that the whole point was to make the world a better place.”Their new outlook is making them more protective and risk-averse.The tech industry’s stereotypical accessory used to be the hoodie. Today, it might as well be the Baby Bjorn. There are a lot of new parents among tech elites, including Mr. Zuckerberg and Kevin Systrom, 34, a co-founder of Instagram. (Evan Spiegel, the 27-year-old chief executive of Snap, is expecting his first child this year.) And parenthood seems to be shaping their attitudes. In an interview with The New York Times this year, Mr. Zuckerberg cited his children as one of the reasons he was so focused on fixing Facebook.“It’s important to me that when Max and August grow up that they feel like what their father built was good for the world,” Mr. Zuckerberg said.Chamath Palihapitiya, 41, an early Facebook executive who now leads the venture capital firm Social Capital, told me that becoming a father had transformed his outlook on technology. He avoids screen time for his children, and is more wary of the tools he helped build.“Before fatherhood, I believed that enabling my children to grow and explore through technology would be an obvious edge and something I’d support,” Mr. Palihapitiya said. “Increasingly, what I see is a detached generation of kids living behind screens.”As their executives pursue personal growth, some of Silicon Valley’s large companies are also professionalizing their workplaces by cutting back on frivolous perks and enforcing stricter rules on sexual harassment and other forms of employee misconduct. (You could call this the “Uber effect.”)Industries run by older executives aren’t necessarily paragons of virtue, either. (See: Wall Street.) But there is something to be said for caution, and tech companies now seem aware that they’re playing with live ammunition.“You become more responsible when you have more to lose,” Mr. Malik said.It also may make their companies more vulnerable.Silicon Valley works a bit like a forest — as old trees decay and die, they decompose and fertilize the next generation of growth. And today’s largest tech companies are beginning to show their age. Facebook is 14 years old, and Twitter is 12. Google, at 20, is now nearly as old as Microsoft was in 1998, when Google was started.The tech industry’s maturity may be a sign of cyclical renewal. Fifteen years ago, Larry Ellison — the billionaire co-founder of Oracle, and the enfant terrible of an earlier generation of tech moguls — denounced what he saw as Silicon Valley’s slow-footed stagnation. (The tech industry was “as large as it’s going to be,” he predicted.)Mr. Ellison was wrong, of course. Tech wasn’t stagnant, but the generation of mature companies that included Oracle was on its way to being eclipsed by newer and scrappier ventures.If history is any indication, that cycle will repeat itself and a new crop of young tech leaders will emerge. But hopefully they’ll learn from the mistakes made by their predecessors. Technology is too important now, and we can’t afford another generation of naïveté.MILAN — Stephen K. Bannon leaned back in an armchair opposite a copy of a painting by an Italian old master and explained his modest efforts to build a vast network of European populists to demolish the Continent’s political establishment.“All I’m trying to be,” he said, “is the infrastructure, globally, for the global populist movement.”Just that.Only months ago, Mr. Bannon was forced out of the White House and Breitbart News, the alt-right news empire he helped make into a political force, for the sharp criticisms of President Trump’s children attributed to him in a book. “He’s lost his mind,” Mr. Trump said at the time.But now Mr. Bannon, the architect of Mr. Trump’s populist campaign message and the president’s former chief strategist, has returned with an international mission.On Saturday, he is set to headline the annual conference of France’s far-right National Front in the northern city of Lille, where he will be introduced by its leader, Marine Le Pen. People with knowledge of Mr. Bannon’s itinerary suggested that he might meet later in the weekend with the Hungarian prime minister, Viktor Orban, but Mr. Bannon declined to say whether or not he would, only saying that he admired Mr. Orban as a “hero” and “the most significant guy on the scene right now.”In Zurich, Mr. Bannon says, he had a “fascinating” meeting on Tuesday with leaders of Germany’s far-right Alternative for Germany party.They included Alice Weidel and Beatrix von Storch, who recently reacted to a New Year’s Eve public service announcement by the German police that went out in various languages, including Arabic, by tweeting, “Are they seeking to appease the barbaric, Muslim, rapist hordes of men?”But it is Italy, where populist forces smashed the country’s establishment by combining to win more than half the vote on Sunday, that Mr. Bannon has turned into his de facto headquarters.In a sprawling interview here, he declined to name whom he had met, other than to describe them as a broad array of politicians, operatives and investors.(A spokesman for Matteo Salvini, the leader of the anti-immigrant League, said the two would have liked to have met, but did not. A spokesman for the anti-establishment Five Star Movement, which won a third of Italian votes, did not return a request for comment.)Aside from the occasional coffee at Campo de’ Fiori or photo-op at Piazza Navona, Mr. Bannon has been holed up in hotel rooms, taking meeting after meeting.In Rome, he stayed at the luxurious Raphael hotel, where Bettino Craxi, the face of Italy’s corrupt establishment and mentor to Silvio Berlusconi, was pelted with coins in 1993 by an angry mob as he departed the political scene.In Milan, he sat in a room at the grand Principe di Savoia, opposite a copy of Titian’s portrait of the Duke of Mantua, a master of intrigue in Renaissance Italy and a longtime sufferer of syphilis, surrounded by red damask wallpaper. Jams were on a room service cart, and a copy of a book titled “Headlines All My Life” was on the desk.In both cities, he wore a blue and white striped button down over a polo shirt. In Rome the polo was orange. In Milan it was blue.He sipped sparkling water and described a grand vision for a global populist future.In the United States, Mr. Bannon said, he is working on a project to create a think tank to “weaponize” populist economic and social ideas.He sees that work spreading to Europe, where a proliferation of populist websites in the image of Breitbart News, either owned by him or others, will spread those ideas, under his guidance.As a final component, he wants to train an army of populist foot soldiers in the language and tools of social media.Mr. Bannon said that a common message he had received from populists throughout Europe was a desire to establish a media outlet for their views.“They see what Breitbart did and they want it in their own language,” said Mr. Bannon, who slipped into the present tense when talking about the website from which he recently separated. “That’s the key. Right now my sites are in English, they want one in their own language,” he said, calling that “phase two.”He could be forgiven the slip, as the site still seems to be in his thrall. (“Stephen K. Bannon took Zurich by storm Tuesday, addressing a sell-out crowd,” began Breitbart’s article on the speech.)But Mr. Bannon, who said he was paying for the trip, said he was weighing whether to buy a name-brand outlet, like Newsweek or United Press International, or to start a new one, or to connect entrepreneurs with capital or invest himself.He imagined a scoop-driven and high-metabolism outlet “like Axios,” he said, referring to the buzzy Washington newsletter, but with a populist bent that would devour Europe’s sleepy legacy papers.“Whether I do it or a local entrepreneur does it,” he said, “there are going to be these populist nationalist news sites that pop up in the next year on line. That will only take these things to the next level.”With Europe more aggressively tackling the migration issue, Mr. Bannon was aiming to move the future battle of populism to other terrains.He said that the reason it was so important to get populist nationalist governments in place was to prepare for a coming great-powers clash with an axis of ancient Turkish, Persian and Chinese civilizations. “Elites can’t fight that fight,” he said. “Because people have to buy into it.”He is also increasingly interested in motivating people to fight media conglomerates like Facebook that monetize their data. And he has become fascinated with crypto currencies and how they can help populist movements, the subject of a speech he gave in Zurich this week.In preparation for the speech, organized by Die Weltwoche, a conservative Swiss magazine, Mr. Bannon said he visited the town of Zug, known as Crypto Valley for its bustling cryptocurrency industry. He was impressed.“If Brussels and the European Central Bank is worried about Italy going to the lira, their concerns should be that all these communities and states are going to crypto,” he said in Milan.In the meantime, he said, he admires Italy’s populist parties for already being on the technological cutting edge.The Five Star Movement, a web-based party that preaches direct, online democracy, and the League, the hard-right, formerly northern-based secessionist party, both dominated social media during the campaign.Often, their critics say, they did it with spurious and inflammatory fake news about migrants and crime. Many of those messages seemed propelled by automated bots rather than real supporters.“You can’t just have just all humans, I’m sure they have some bots,” Mr. Bannon said, unbothered. “The thing is that they are generating enthusiasm on shoestrings.”He said he hoped the two parties would eventually join forces — something not out of the question as the Italians try to form a government after an inconclusive election.But he spoke also almost sympathetically about Matteo Renzi, the now vanquished Italian leader who only years ago seemed to be the future of Italy and the European center-left.Mr. Renzi, he said, was “an object lesson to every rising politician in Europe,” and not a good one.The former prime minister, he said, had tried to play by Brussels’s rules when it came to the migration crisis, and instead the European Union allowed other countries to close their borders, leaving Italy to take the brunt of the burden.“They hung him out to dry,” he said.Mr. Bannon said Italian voters on Sunday also spurned Pope Francis, who has urged tolerance for migrants.“This vote was a rejection of the pope,” said Mr. Bannon, a Catholic who has nonetheless been a longtime critic of the pope’s politics. “The pope likes to see himself as a radical and an anti-establishment revolutionary for the little guy; the little guy put the pope in his place on Sunday.”He said he had intended to return to Rome to visit his allies in the Vatican, including the American cardinal Raymond Burke, but then France’s National Front extended its invitation.“They said, ‘Hey would you stay for the weekend?’ ” Mr. Bannon said. “ ‘All our people would love to hear you speak.’ ”Hi! This is Dan Bilefsky, giving Ian Austen a couple of weeks off from this newsletter as I go on my road trip aimed at rediscovering Quebec, my home province, after an absence of 28 years.I embarked on my journey earlier in the week — accompanied by Leonard Cohen and other Québécois singers on my road trip playlist, which I compiled from suggestions from you and other New York Times readers.My first stop was Montreal. Dozens of readers had urged me to meet Louise Penny, the best-selling detective novelist and an Anglophone who conjures up French-speaking Québécois characters.So I found myself last Monday having a lively coffee-fueled chat with Ms. Penny in the snow-covered town of Knowlton, in the Eastern Townships, a sleepy bucolic place that inspired the fictional Three Pines setting of her novels.In Three Pines, her avuncular Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec, the provincial police force, excavates the town’s dark secrets. After 13 books in her series, Ms. Penny noted wryly that Three Pines had struggled to “sustain the murder count.”Gamache, whom she confided was named after a local tailor, has become to Quebec what Hercule Poirot is to Belgium, and made Ms. Penny, a former journalist for the CBC, a literary star.She is also a rare breed in Quebec, a native English speaker who writes about French Canada in a province where neuroses about language run deep.“I am a Québécoise writer, and a Canadian writer, but I never wanted to be ghettoized,” she said. “I don’t want to be defined as a Canadian writer, but, rather, a writer who happens to be Canadian.”Ms. Penny’s novels were translated into 23 languages before they were finally translated into Quebec French in 2010, partly reflecting the cultural divide in the province.“My books are love letters to Quebec — the language of my characters is French and I wanted my characters to live in that language,” Ms. Penny, 59, said. “The translation meant so much to me because I wanted my friends and neighbors to be able to read them.”The books have sold well with both English- and French-speaking Quebecers. And legions of Ms. Penny’s fans take a 2.5-hour tour in Quebec City, based on her popular novel “Bury Your Dead,” where they can walk in the footsteps of Gamache as he investigates the murder of an amateur archaeologist at the Literary and Historical Society of Québec.Ms. Penny and I also chatted about Quebec’s culture wars, which she experienced while living in Quebec City during the 1995 referendum on the province’s independence.She pointed out that Quebec had an English minority surrounded by a French majority, who were themselves eclipsed by an English majority in the rest of the country. So in Quebec, she noted, everyone defines themselves as “The Other,” creating a sense of alienation that both inspired and repelled.“As much as the English don’t know the French, the French don’t know the English,” she said.In multilingual Knowlton, however, she stressed that a love of country living and nature overcame any linguistic differences. Even when she was living in Quebec City, and her French was rudimentary, she said, she was “never made to feel like I didn’t belong,” even when she would accidentally order “flaming mice” in a restaurant.Ms. Penny, who oozes humor and easy conviviality, has overcome her fair share of adversity. She said she was on the brink of suicide in her late 30s, consumed with fear of failure and an alcohol problem. She had five years of writer’s block, and her first manuscript was rejected by at least 50 publishers.But with the encouragement of her husband, Michael Whitehead, a doctor who died in 2016, she refused to give up, eventually coming in second in a British writing contest. Gamache, she noted, came to her fully formed. Now she writes one book a year — all infused by her many years in Quebec.“I wanted to write books that I would read, that my 8year-old self would read,” she said. “I had to love them. I created a village where I would live, populated with characters I would befriend and a main character I would marry.”My meeting with Ms. Penny was a highlight of a two-day tour of Montreal, which began with a highly caloric feast at Martin Picard’s storied Cabane à Sucre Au Pied de Cochon in Mirabel.I also met with Phyllis Lambert, the 91-year-old architect and philanthropist, and with Gabriel Nadeau-Dubois, the 27-year-old co-leader of a left-wing political party and a strong adherent of an independent Quebec.As I write this, I am in Maniwaki. Here, I met with Cezin Nottaway, an Indigenous chef, on the Indigenous reserve of Kitigan Zibi. Check out my Facebook Live chat with Ms. Nottaway and members of The New York Times Race/Related team.During my stay here, the latest trade squabble erupted between Canada and the United States when President Trump boasted that he had made up an assertion that the United States had a trade deficit with Canada during a meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.On the reserve, which has been buffeted by alcoholism and drug problems and the legacy of colonial rule, many residents said Mr. Trump’s latest declaration had little effect on them.But Shady Hafez, a youth worker whose mother is Algonquin and whose father is Syrian, said that America’s rightward shift under Mr. Trump had made Canadians feel smug about their liberalism, and that some believed that they had been given a license to support racism in Canada, while others thought that Mr. Trudeau now had an excuse to be complacent about minority rights.“Justin Trudeau looks and sounds amazing compared to what comes out of Trump’s mouth,” Mr. Hafez said. “But he is all talk. What matters is what happens on the ground.”My next stop: Hérouxville, which a decade ago become synonymous with a xenophobic impulse in contemporary Quebec. I want to see how and if attitudes have shifted. If you have any suggestions about whom to meet there or what to see or what to ask, please send them my way.Don’t forget that I’ll be writing a bonus edition of this newsletter on March 21. And please follow me on my journey on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, as well as on The Times’s Reader Center.—Catherine Porter reports that Canada’s refugee resettlement system is being put to the test by a special program to welcome Yazidis, a particularly traumatized group.—Viola Desmond, whose act of protest against segregation and whose business success was not widely known until decades after her death, will become the first black person, and the first woman outside of the royal family, to be featured on a regular Canadian bank note.—As Eugenie Bouchard of Montreal struggles with her game on the tennis court, she’s also gone from endorsing global brands like Nike and Colgate to promoting an e-book about cryptocurrency.—A group of doctors in Quebec are rejecting a planned series of pay raises and asking the province to use the money for nursing and other financially strapped services.Good Thursday Here’s what we’re watching:• Tariffs will test investors’ resolve.• Trump on Tariffs: “If they charge us, we charge them.”• The stock market is proving Gary D. Cohn right.• China tech stocks are also tumbling• Dropbox has priced its I.P.O.Get this in your inbox each morning. Sign up here.An unorthodox action by President Trump unsettles investors, but after a freakout, their optimism returns and the stock market moves higher.But will investors shrug off President Trump’s tariffs on China?The stock market plunged Thursday after Mr. Trump announced the measures against China. Since mid-February, when the Trump administration laid out its case for steel and aluminum tariffs, the S.&P. 500 is down 3.2 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average is off nearly 5 percent.Until now, investors might have thought they could take Mr. Trump’s trade pronouncements in stride. After all, many countries have won a reprieve from the steel and aluminum tariffs. And as Edward Alden of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote Thursday of the anti-China measures, “The administration is delaying the action to solicit comments from affected U.S. companies, and it is quite possible the final tariffs will fall short of the threats.”Just as the Trump administration has stepped back from quickly imposing the steel and aluminum tariffs, it may soften its stance if China suggests that its open to negotiations. The world could relax.But China may not budge. As our colleague Steven Lee Myers reports, President Xi Jinping has so far managed to navigate Mr. Trump’s rhetoric while maintaining a strong nationalist image at home. Yet Mr. Trump’s tariff announcement, along with moves perceived by the Chinese as humiliating, may prompt China to retaliate with force.Investors would then scramble to quantify the economic repercussions. They might not be terrible.Some American companies, like computer chip makers, get substantial revenue from China. But on average, companies in the S.&P. 500 index derive a small share of their sales from the country.And some investors may take a long view, believing that U.S. companies have long been treated unfairly in China. A trade fight that eventually relaxes some of those disadvantageous conditions could bolster the long-term prospects of those firms. And if the U.S. is able to recruit other countries to its cause, China may relent.Still, much could go wrong. A true test of investor sentiment will come if China fights back. Markets could fall further, creating a financial chain reaction that dampens the wider economy. A lot would depend on how Mr. Trump responds to Chinese actions. Would he up the ante?“It’s genuinely hard to predict how this will turn out,” said Scott Kennedy, an expert in Chinese trade at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, “whether one side will back down or whether it will spiral into a trade war.”— Peter EavisHere are the details:• The data-storage and collaboration company sold 36 million shares at $21 apiece, its expected range of $18 to $20 a share.• At that price, the offering raised $756 million.• At $21 a share, the company has a market value of gave Dropbox a market value of $9.2 billion.The contextThe demand for Dropbox’s shares suggests investors overcame any concern about daunting competition from the likes of Microsoft, Google and Amazon, all of which provide cloud storage services. A successful debut could pave the way for other unicorns to soon go public.President Trump said he would impose about $60 billion worth of annual tariffs on Chinese imports as the White House moved to punish China for what it says is a pattern of co-opting American technology and trade secrets and robbing companies of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue.The tariffs will target 1,300 lines of Chinese goods — everything from shoes and clothing to electronics — the NYT reports administration officials said.Mr. Trump, the officials added, will also direct the Treasury Department to impose restrictions on Chinese investment in American technology companies, a practice that they said the Chinese government uses to develop its own “national champions” in cutting-edge industries like A.I. and autonomous vehicles.“The end objective of this is to get China to modify its unfair trade practices,” Everett Eissenstat, the deputy director of the National Economic Council, told reporters.Peter Navarro, the director of the White House National Trade Council and an architect of the measures, cast the tariffs as part of a seminal shift in how the U.S. views China. Rather than trying to draw it into the rules-based international economic order — a policy that dates back to Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger — the U.S. now regards China as a strategic competitor, bent on eroding American security and prosperity.— Mark Landler and Jim TankersleyBefore he said he was leaving his White House position earlier this month, Mr. Cohn reportedly warned that protectionist trade policies could jeopardize the stock rally that has taken place since Donald Trump became president. After Mr. Trump announced tariffs on steel and aluminum, the stock market slid, but soon recovered those losses, reassuring the president that his decision to introduce tariffs was right.On Thursday, the Trump administration announced trade restrictions against China. The news appeared to weigh on markets. So, how have stocks done since important dates in the trade skirmish?One important milestone was the Commerce Department’s announcement last month that suggested the Trump administration was serious about introducing steel and aluminum tariffs. The S.&P. 500 index is down 2.3 percent since the day before that announcement. Mr. Trump actually announced plans for those tariffs on March 1. The S.&P. 500 is down 1.7 percent since Feb. 28.The Dow Jones industrial average has done a lot worse, however. It is down 3.7 percent since the Commerce Department’s announcement, and 3.1 percent since Mr. Trump announced his intentions. The decline encapsulated how trade tension might hurt specific businesses, in particular, Boeing’s.— Peter EavisMuch of the Dow’s underperformance can be traced to the aircraft maker’s stock.The Trump administration’s trade policies have hit Boeing, the most-heavily weighted stock in the Dow, particularly hard.Aluminum makes up about 80 percent of the weight of most commercial aircrafts, according to Brooke Sutherland and David Fickling of Gadfly. That means tariffs on imported aluminum would likely raise Boeing’s costs more than its competitors. Boeing also views China, the main target of the Trump administration’s protectionist trade policies, as an important growth market. The country is set to overtake the U.S. as the biggest aviation market by 2022, Ms. Sutherland and Mr. Fickling write.China could target Boeing if the country decides to retaliate against the U.S.Boeing is down 3.6 percent today, shaving more than 80 points off the blue-chip index. Since the Commerce Department released its report calling for tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, the stock is down 8.7 percent, worth more than 200 points off the Dow.Boeing drove the Dow higher for much of Mr. Trump’s presidency, more than doubling during his first 12 months in office.Boeing’s climb has had an outsized impact on the Dow. The index is price-weighted, meaning that the higher priced stocks have a bigger pull on the index.MoneyBeat’s Ben Eisen noted that at the end of January, the stock accounted for 9.4 percent of Dow, up from 6 percent a year earlier. By comparison, Boeing makes up just 0.8 percent of the market capitalization weighted S.&P. 500.Chinese tech stocks are also tumbling.Shares of Alibaba are off 4.2 percent, Tencent 5 percent and Baidu 4.3 percent in the wake of the Trump administration’s plan to impose about $60 billion worth of annual tariffs on Chinese imports.That is much worse than their American counterparts. Amazon, Facebook and Google’s parent Alphabet are down between 1.2 percent and 2.2 percent by comparison.Shares of Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent — collectively known as BAT — have soared over the past year, pushing their combined market value above $1 trillion.As these companies have grown, so have their ambitions. All three have moved to expand beyond their core business and home market and have aggressively invested in Americantech start-ups to help them do so.China’s largest internet companies — the BAT plus the e-commerce company JD.com — have invested $5.6 billion in 48 tech deals in the United States over the past two years, according to CBI Insights data via CNBC.Such investments have raised concerns in the United States. The Trump administration officials said the Chinese government uses these investments to develop its own “national champions” in cutting-edge industries like A.I. and autonomous vehicles. As part of the China tariffs, the Trump administration plans to place restrictions on Chinese investment in American technology companies.Shrugging off hikes by the Federal Reserve and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority this week, the Bank of England maintained its key interest rate at 0.5 percent today.Two members of the central bank’s monetary policy committee called for an immediate rate increase, but the majority of the committee did not see the need for a hike at this time. Most economists expect the Bank of England to raise rates in May, when it releases its latest quarterly projection for inflation.In the minutes from the committee’s latest meeting, the central bank said that there had been “few surprises” in recent economic data and its February projections for inflation appeared “broadly on track.” The bank said that the May inflation report would allow the committee to “undertake a fuller assessment of the underlying momentum in the economy, the degree of slack remaining and the extent of domestic inflationary pressures.”— Chad BrayAfter days of questions and criticism about his silence, the Facebook co-founder and C.E.O. posted a statement and gave a series of interviews. (Sheryl Sandberg offered a statement, too.)What he promised: to investigate apps that had access to large amounts of Facebook data, to restrict developers’ data access and to show users how to revoke app permissions.Highlights from his interviews:• To CNN: “I’m not sure we shouldn’t be regulated,” Zuckerberg said. “There are things like ad transparency regulation that I would love to see.” (He also made ad transparency promises to Wired.)• To the NYT, about Facebook’s business model: “I don’t think the ad model is going to go away, because I think fundamentally, it’s important to have a service like this that everyone in the world can use, and the only way to do that is to have it be very cheap or free.”• On why it took so long for him to respond, compared with other tech C.E.O.s: “I know that there was a lot of pressure to speak sooner, but my assessment was that it was more important that what we said was fully accurate.”• On #DeleteFacebook: “I don’t think we’ve seen a meaningful number of people act on that, but, you know, it’s not good.”Peter Eavis’s take: Missing from his response was a full explanation of why Facebook took so long to disclose the Cambridge Analytica misuse of data. The company found out in 2015. Why wasn’t the abuse disclosed then?Elsewhere in the Facebook orbit: A guide to deleting your account; idealistic reasons not to. Why former employees feel emboldened to criticize. And Cambridge Analytica is being accused of receiving a foreign leader’s private emails, perhaps from Israeli hackers. (It says it didn’t.)It’s here. A $1.3 trillion, 2,232-page pact between Republicans and Democrats that needs to be signed into law by midnight Friday to avoid another government shutdown. But can Congress pass the bill — and will President Trump support it?What’s in there:• A patch for the “grain glitch” in the recent tax overhaul that hurt corporate farms and helped farming co-ops• A pathway to funding for the New York Gateway project, something Mr. Trump has opposed• $1.6 billion, with strings attached, for a border wall with Mexico• Nothing to protect Dreamers or to shore up the Affordable Care ActRepublicans like the senators Rand Paul and John Kennedy are unhappy. So too is the president, who wanted far more for his wall. (He’s on board for now.)• How George Nader, now a cooperating witness in Robert Mueller’s investigation, sought to influence a top Republican fund-raiser on behalf of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. (NYT)• Among the companies lined up to meet the Saudi delegation in the U.S.: Boeing, JPMorgan Chase, and Apple. (Bloomberg)• The F.B.I. investigated Jeff Sessions for perjury last year. Andrew McCabe, now fired, authorized it. (NYT)• Reince Priebus, Don McGahn and Ivanka Trump supported a White House push for nondisclosure agreements, some while knowing they would be unenforceable. (NYT)• John Kelly was furious over leaks about Mr. Trump’s briefing materials for his call after President Vladimir Putin’s election victory, which included the admonition “DO NOT CONGRATULATE.” (Politico)Adding a quarter of a percentage point to the benchmark interest rate, as expected, Jay Powell said, “There is no sense in the data that we’re on the cusp of an acceleration of inflation.”The Fed is now expected to raise rates three times this year, three times next year and twice in 2020. But there’s a bigger issue, as Neil Irwin of The Upshot points out:Critics’ corner:  Justin Lahart of Heard on the Street writes about inflation, “The Fed’s view doesn’t jibe with the recent hopes and dreams of some investors.” And Tom Buerkle of Breakingviews writes, “The big questions are yet to come. Powell is smart to want maximum flexibility to address them.”It shows the vehicle in Tempe, Ariz. didn’t try to swerve from a woman walking her bike across the street, the WSJ says. And the human behind the wheel was looking down for about 5 seconds before it hit her.More from Greg Bensinger and Tim Higgins of the WSJ:The stakes for Uber remain high, as Goldman Sachs analysts recently pointed out, since self-driving cars were part of its route to profits. And car insurers are watching closely, too.Elsewhere in Uber: The company withdrew an offer to make Assaf Ronen its new product head, after discovering he had left Amazon earlier than he said. Wall Street is fighting to get into Uber’s big debt deal.Elsewhere in tech: Tesla shareholders approved a $2.6 billion stock options grant to Elon Musk. The Senate passed a sex-trafficking bill opposed by some tech companies. And Dropbox raised its I.P.O. price range.The winning bid in the auction for the unit could amount to as much as $20 billion. Gaining brands such as Advil and Centrum multivitamins would be a big success for GlaxoSmithKline’s C.E.O. of nearly a year, Emma Walmlsey, who has favored a diverse product lineup.Reckitt Benckiser withdrew from the fray yesterday, with its C.E.O. saying, “An acquisition for the whole Pfizer consumer health business did not fit our acquisition criteria.”The deals flyaround• Meredith plans to sell Time, Sports Illustrated, Fortune and Money. (NYT)• Steve Wynn intends to sell some or all of his 12 percent stake in Wynn Resorts. (WSJ)• Matillion, a cloud data software maker, has raised $20 million in a new round from investors like Sapphire Ventures and Scale Venture Partners, the company tells us.• Elliott Management is reportedly considering backing a spinoff of Telecom Italia’s fixed-line network. (Bloomberg)• As others have fled, Sycamore Partners has dived profitably into traditional retail. (WSJ)Newly minted virtual currency moguls are worried about the I.R.S. as the April 17 tax deadline looms. Many are libertarians who don’t like having a central government, let alone paying taxes to one. Others are simply newbies who didn’t realize that you have to pay taxes on capital gains, even on digital money.More from Kevin Roose’s latest column:Elsewhere in crypto: Bitcoin is at $8,999. Some blockchains are better than others. And Britain has formed a task force to study cryptocurrencies.• Jimmy Iovine is formally stepping down as the head of Apple’s music division. (WSJ)• Twitter’s chief information security officer, Michael Coates, is leaving. (The Verge)• The Noble Group’s founder and chairman, Richard Elman, is retiring, leaving the commodity trader with a battered stock price and high amounts of debt. (WSJ)• Swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into the taxes of the French luxury group Kering, part of a case that started in Italy. (NYT)• Abu Dhabi is consolidating two of its leading sovereign wealth funds into a $200 billion vehicle. (FT)• What Bill Voge disclosed before his sudden departure as chair of Latham & Watkins: sexually explicit messages to a woman he approached on behalf of a Christian men’s group, and threats to her husband to have her thrown in jail. (Law360)• Gary Barber was fired from MGM after a disagreement over how to compete with Netflix, unnamed sources said. (WSJ)• Jamie Dimon earned 364 times as much as the median JPMorgan employee last year. (WSJ).We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — It took Facebook seven years to raise $1 billion from investors. Uber did it in five.The messaging company Telegram has been around since 2013, but never tried to raise significant money until late last year. Now, thanks to an initial coin offering, or I.C.O., Telegram is on track to pull in a billion dollars in just four months — long before the product the company is raising money for is even built.When programmers or entrepreneurs launch an I.C.O., what they are really doing is selling their own virtual currencies in order to raise money for software they say they are building. In return for real money, investors receive digital tokens, similar to Bitcoin.Regulators worry this novel fund-raising method is allowing people to flout the rules that are supposed to protect investors. Financial authorities around the world have been promising to crack down on coin offerings, which rose out of nowhere last year to become a popular way for start-ups to raise tens of millions of dollars, sometimes in minutes.In recent months, the Securities and Exchange Commission has been sending out subpoenas, asking for information about coin offerings that may have violated the law — although how existing laws may apply remains unclear. Nonetheless, companies like Telegram are still proceeding with their offerings and hoping they can stay out of trouble.Telegram’s supercharged fund-raising has become the most visible and perhaps most lucrative example of an I.C.O. The company has taken in $850 million over the past two months from some of the biggest venture capital firms in Silicon Valley, and it is now aiming to raise another $850 million over the next month or so. A third $850 million round is in the works after that, according to documents associated with the offering.Telegram already runs a popular messaging service. It plans to use the new money to create both an online currency for ordinary people — outside the control of governments — and a new kind of global computing network, combining the attributes of existing virtual currencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum.The project is being led by one of the most vaunted but enigmatic figures in the tech world, Pavel Durov, who built the biggest social network in Russia, VKontakte, before thumbing his nose at Vladimir V. Putin and fleeing the country. He now hops between bases in Dubai and around Europe.Despite Mr. Durov’s credentials, the tech world is divided on the wisdom of putting money into his fund-raising campaign.Some of Silicon Valley’s most prominent venture firms have signed up to invest in the project, including Benchmark, Sequoia and Kleiner Perkins, according to two people briefed on the private deal who were not authorized to speak about it publicly.But the venture capitalists who have invested the most in the virtual currency space, like Union Square Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock and Polychain Capital, have stayed away.“It’s a pitch that sounds good to V.C.s that haven’t participated but makes no sense to people that have been in the space,” said Nick Tomaino, the founder of a virtual currency investment fund, 1confirmation, that didn’t invest in Telegram.The most obvious reason to be skeptical of the project is that there is not even a prototype — just a 132-page paper promising what the system will look like one day. The Telegram team is promising to release the software late this year or next year.What’s more, Telegram is promising to do more than any other virtual currency and to fix the intractable problems that have plagued virtual currencies like Bitcoin, such as overcoming the network’s difficulty handling all the transactions that have poured onto the network as it has become more popular.An analyst at one virtual currency-focused hedge fund, Pantera Capital, wrote a scathing essay noting that the Telegram team has given no evidence that they will be able to solve the problems that have dogged everyone else.“I cannot, in 132 pages, gain the slightest intuition as to how to go about proving that the hard problems it needs to solve will be solved,” the analyst, Charles Noyes, wrote about the Telegram project on Medium.Telegram representatives did not respond to requests for comment.Believers in the Telegram project have said that the company has a team of developers that have already proved themselves by building two incredibly popular tech products, VKontakte and Telegram.Mr. Durov, a self-described libertarian, founded VKontakte in 2006, but gave up his role and his ownership stake in 2013 after Mr. Putin’s allies took control of the company.Since then, Mr. Durov and his brother, who is said to be the technical genius behind the projects, have built Telegram into a messaging giant with nearly 200 million users. (When Facebook raised a billion dollars, it already had half a billion users.)The Telegram app has been popular in authoritarian countries because it promises that all messages are encrypted and protected from government snooping. Its pro-privacy stance has made it popular with many in the virtual currency community.The virtual currency network that Telegram is building, known as the Telegram Open Network, or TON, would allow users of the Telegram app to send each other payments when they are not in the same country. It would be a Bitcoin equivalent to the popular payment systems that messaging programs like WeChat have built.“TON can become a VISA/Mastercard alternative for the new decentralized economy,” said a TON primer that was sent to investors. “We believe that a whole new economy saturated with goods and services sold for cryptocurrency will be born.”The Telegram Open Network will use the idea of the blockchain, first introduced by Bitcoin, to maintain all the records of Telegram’s currency, known as the Gram, on computers around the world, without any central authority. But Telegram is promising that its blockchains will do much more than Bitcoin: serve as the basis for a global super computer, somewhat like the popular Ethereum network.The Bitcoin and Ethereum networks have both struggled to keep up with transactions, but Telegram said it will overcome this by using multiple blockchains that will allow it to process millions of transactions a second. The Bitcoin network limit is currently around five transactions a second.The Telegram documents say that 5 billion Grams will initially be released to users. The investors who put the first $850 million into the project paid 37 cents for each token, according to offering documents.The next round of investors, expected to come together over the next month, will pay about three and half times that for each Gram. If the current round raises another $850 million, Telegram said in documents that it may hold yet another round, to raise $850 million more.The price that Telegram is charging in the current fund-raising round — $1.33 a Gram — assumes the entire currency will grow to be worth at least $6.6 billion. There are already eight virtual currencies worth that much, and all the Bitcoin in the world were worth around $185 billion on Sunday. Given Telegram’s experience, many investors think it won’t be hard to achieve that long term value.Telegram’s team has also been careful to stay on the right side of the law, only offering their token to accredited investors, and working with the established Wall Street law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.Telegram initially said in its offering documents that it would do a public sale of Grams, to smaller investors, but it backed away from that after American regulators spoke in congressional hearings in February about their concerns over I.C.O.s, according to the people briefed on the deal.Despite those precautions, many virtual currency investors said the Telegram offering was too risky.“This is an order of magnitude larger than any of the most hyped I.C.O.s we’ve seen,” said Joe DiPasquale, the founder of BitBull Capital, a hedge fund. “As an investor who looks at a lot of projects in this space, that for me is a concern.”WASHINGTON — A manufacturing start-up recently announced plans to move into a shuttered aluminum factory in upstate New York, taking advantage of abundant cheap electricity from the St. Lawrence River.Instead of smelting aluminum, however, the company plans to turn that power into Bitcoins.Money is supposed to be a means of buying things. Now, the nation’s hottest investment is buying money. And the investment rush is raising questions about whether one reason for the slow pace of economic growth in recent years is that the nation is busy distracting itself. While Bitcoin mining may not be labor intensive, it diverts time, energy and capital from other, more productive activities that economists say could fuel faster growth.“It appears that much of our evolving digital infrastructure is devoted to activities, like the proliferation of cybercoins, that are worse than frivolous,” said James McAndrews, the former head of research at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.By a wide range of measures, America has a productivity problem. The economy is growing slowly, and almost 20 percent of adults in their prime working years are neither working nor trying to find work. Americans who do have jobs are less likely to start their own companies. Even the most basic kind of production is in decline. Americans are having less sex and making fewer babies.Some economists see evidence that people are playing video games instead of going to work, logging on instead of getting it on, and plowing a growing share of their time, capital and natural resources into virtual products like social media, games and the latest fad: virtual currencies.Bitcoin, the largest virtual currency, is a particularly voracious consumer of resources because new Bitcoins are distributed in a kind of lottery where each ticket is purchased with electricity.Bitcoin miners compete for the coins by submitting answers to difficult math problems. Instead of solving the problems, miners use computers to submit a flood of guesses. This can be lucrative: Each Bitcoin is currently valued at about $10,550.Believers insist it is a worthwhile endeavor. They describe Bitcoin as a superior currency that will eventually come into wide use, and they predict even broader applications for blockchains, the digital bookkeeping method used to record ownership of Bitcoins and to verify transactions.But Bitcoin remains so hard to use that a major Bitcoin conference in January had to stop accepting Bitcoin. It is, in practice, a speculative investment, like gold. And Tyler Cowen, an economist at George Mason University, said mining gold was a better use of resources, because even if it lost value, it could be used to fill teeth.“Once the Bitcoin power is burned, it is never coming back,” he said.Colin L. Read, the mayor of Plattsburgh, N.Y., also sees it as a public nuisance. The city was guaranteed a fixed supply of cheap electricity as part of the construction of power-generating dams on the St. Lawrence in the 1950s. Bitcoin mining companies are plugging into that power supply like a swarm of hungry mosquitoes.Mr. Read said that Bitcoin mining now consumes about 10 percent of the city’s power, and that is forcing Plattsburgh to buy a growing amount of extra electricity on the open market, at rates up to 100 times higher than its base cost.Mr. Read, who is also an economics professor, said he would rather sell the city’s supply of cheap power to companies employing large numbers of people. Mold-Rite Plastics, which makes bottle caps, also uses about 10 percent of the city’s power, but it employs about 200 people. The mining companies? “They hire a security guard,” he said. “And a guy who comes when something breaks.”David Bowman, who describes himself as Plattsburgh’s first Bitcoin miner — “I started a long time ago, around 2014,” he said — started with a handful of computers. Now he has 20 machines.A few years ago, he rented a room in an old paper warehouse, where he runs the specialized hard drives around the clock. They sit side-by-side on wire racks, fans whirring to dissipate the heat. About half a dozen other mining companies have since moved into the same building.Mr. Bowman, who is from Plattsburgh, said he sympathizes with the mayor’s concerns. He is the only employee of his company, and he is presently a full-time medical student on the Caribbean island of Grenada. But Bitcoin mining paid his college tuition and it is paying for medical school.And he doesn’t see that Plattsburgh has better options.“The place needs all the jobs they can get,” he said, although his company employs no one beyond him. He does pay fees to an investor-owned company that operates and maintains the machines and has one employee.Other governments also are grappling with the merits of virtual currencies. Enel, the largest European power company, said earlier this month it would not sell electricity to a virtual miner, citing environmental concerns.“Enel has undertaken a clear path toward decarbonization and sustainable development and sees the intensive use of energy dedicated to cryptocurrency mining as an unsustainable practice that does not fit with the business model it is pursuing,” the company, partly owned by the Italian government, said in a statement.Some Bitcoin miners emphasize their reliance on renewable energy, but the energy they use might otherwise be put to other purposes. Consider the example of Quebec, one of the world’s largest producers of hydroelectric power. Local demand has flatlined, leading the province to consider exporting electricity to Massachusetts, which is seeking to increase the share of current power consumption generated by sustainable sources. But Quebec is now weighing that possibility alongside a wave of proposals from mining companies.Some American utilities, too, are hungry for new customers. Domestic demand for electricity is in decline as power-hungry industries, like aluminum smelting, have moved to other countries and households are increasingly using LED light bulbs.“They’re thankful that anyone still wants to use energy,” said Robert McCullough of McCullough Research, an Oregon energy consultancy.And plenty of places are hungry for jobs — even the relatively few jobs that virtual mining brings.Massena, the town with the shuttered smelter, is about two hours from Plattsburgh. It also enjoys a guaranteed supply of cheap electricity, but it has lost several of its major employers, including the smelter and a General Motors factory.The New York Power Authority reserves 490 megawatts of low-cost power for industrial users in Franklin, Jefferson and St. Lawrence counties, the northern tier that includes Massena. The decline of local industry means only 52 percent of that power is currently committed, which is why officials were delighted when a company called Coinmint proposed to install 16,000 computers in the old aluminum building.The company, which is still negotiating contracts, told the power authority it would employ 150 people. Employers historically have created 30.5 jobs in exchange for each megawatt of low-cost electricity, according to the power authority, while Coinmint is proposing to create just new 10 jobs per megawatt. But 10 is more than none.“The plan is to get anybody here that you can,” said Steven D. O’Shaughnessy, Massena’s town supervisor. “I have said all along, I’ll take whatever I can.”SAN JUAN, P.R. — The message coming out of an investment conference here in February was simple and optimistic: “Puerto Rico is open for business.” Attendees noted San Juan’s crowded restaurants and traffic-choked streets. The capital city seemed to be bustling.But more than five months after Hurricane Maria plowed through Puerto Rico, some parts of the island are still in the dark. It is a long, long way from being back in business.The annual conference itself — designed to showcase the United States territory’s business opportunities — had to be rescheduled because of the slow pace of the recovery. As it was, attendance was down. The billionaire John A. Paulson, a major hotel owner on the island and a featured speaker at previous conferences, wasn’t there. Nor were other prominent hedge fund managers with investments in Puerto Rico.Everywhere you look, there are reminders of how long it will take for the economy to get back even to the beleaguered state it was in on Sept. 20, when Maria hit as a powerful Category 4 storm.The night before the conference started, parts of San Juan were plunged into darkness for several hours because of an explosion and the resulting fire at an electrical power station. The island’s patchwork power grid remains fragile. Hundreds of thousands remain without power.Government relief workers have installed 57,000 blue tarps as makeshift roofs on damaged homes across the island. There’s no plan for installing permanent roofs.Major intersections in San Juan still lack working traffic lights.More than 10,000 small businesses — nearly 20 percent of the island’s total — remain closed. At the upscale Mall of San Juan, two anchor stores — Saks Fifth Avenue and Nordstrom — are shut because of storm damage, although Nordstrom may reopen in a few months.Some hotel workers, cabdrivers and bartenders in San Juan have been living without power since September.The most optimistic estimate is that Puerto Rico faces a two-year economic recovery. That assumes it can rebuild its power grid, restructure its finances in a court-supervised process and not get hit by another devastating storm.Before Maria, things were already bad. Some 45 percent of the island’s 3.4 million residents lived in poverty, the unemployment rate was 10.5 percent, and more than 16,000 homeowners were facing foreclosure.“This is like the perfect storm of an economic disaster,” said Javier E. Zapata-Rodríguez, deputy director of economic development for PathStone Enterprise Center, which advises small businesses in Puerto Rico. “There is not enough capital flowing, and a lot of small businesses are closing up shop because they were ailing before the hurricane.”A major problem is that insurance claims are being paid too slowly and 60 percent of household requests for federal emergency grants are being denied. That means fewer dollars are churning through the local economy, when not much money is coming in from elsewhere.Tourism, which accounts for about 6 percent of the island’s economy and supports more than 60,000 jobs, is all but gone for this season.Nearly a dozen big resorts in and around San Juan — including El Conquistador, the Caribe Hilton, the Ritz Carlton and El San Juan — are closed. Many hotels that are open are filled not with tourists but with relief workers and government contractors who are staying at discounted rates.An electronic sign outside the Condado Plaza Hilton, owned by the Blackstone Group, the private equity firm, periodically flashes: “Rooms for relief work and government work available.” Blackstone, which also owns El Conquistador, said it had been paying salaries and providing health benefits to hundreds of furloughed workers.Others associated with the tourism business are just scraping by.“Right now, 90 to 95 percent of our business is down,” said Nancy Matos, who with her husband owns GSI Puerto Rico, which organizes outings for tourists. The 25-year-old business has been hurt by limited access to El Yunque National Forest, a tropical rain forest that suffered major storm damage. GSI, which normally employs up to 80 people, is down to about 30. The company hopes to get some business from relief workers.As many as 200,000 residents have left to live on the mainland. Some companies that are trying to reopen are struggling to find people who can work on construction projects or in factories to produce steel.A report last year by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found that four months before Maria, 36 percent of Puerto Rico’s small businesses planned to hire more workers and 50 percent planned to invest in new equipment and technologies.The storm laid waste to those plans.In Ponce, a city on Puerto Rico’s southern coast, PathStone is helping 200 small businesses get financing, find workers and retrain them if necessary.A few weeks ago, PathStone, in partnership with the New York Fed, staged a daylong event for small businesses seeking financing from banks and other lenders. Representatives from 170 businesses showed up in search of help, Mr. Zapata-Rodríguez said. About a third of the companies that PathStone works with in Puerto Rico do not have reliable electrical power, he added.The fragility of the power grid remains particularly frustrating. On Thursday, hundreds of thousand of customers — many in San Juan and along the island’s northern coast — lost power in the middle of the workday. Generators considered optional before Maria are now a necessity. Starbucks is moving to ensure that most of its 26 stores in Puerto Rico, two of which are still closed, have generators.The power failure interrupted a meeting that David Rodriguez was having in Caguas to discuss plans for a new business involving the sale of solar-powered generators.Mr. Rodriguez, who was born in Puerto Rico and runs a telecommunications engineering firm in Rochester, N.Y., returned to the island in December to visit family. He was alarmed to find his uncle living with a gasoline-powered generator running inside the house — a serious health risk. His uncle said he was keeping the generator indoors because he was afraid it might be stolen if it was outside.That experience led Mr. Rodriguez to start a company, InverSol, to make small solar generators that can be installed on roofs and provide at least some power during blackouts. The company eventually could employ up to 70 people and produce up to 7,000 generators a year for $2,000 each.“We want to get some basic humanity back,” Mr. Rodriguez said.One challenge, however, has been finding an undamaged location that can be quickly converted into a factory. He is working with PathStone to hire former farmworkers who have experience using heavy equipment.The search for qualified workers is troubling a broad swath of businesses.Frankie Vazquez Marrero runs a business that sells precast walls and structured steel. He employed 22 workers before Maria. Now he is down to three. Many of his best workers left the island or are trying to move into other industries. He is still waiting for the company’s insurer to cover some of its storm-related losses.“We lost our very best workers, and the new hires don’t have the knowledge,” he said.Things could be worse in Puerto Rico. Auto sales were up 21 percent in January, in part because people needed to replace damaged vehicles, said José Villamil of Estudios Técnicos, an economic research firm. Fewer people are falling behind on mortgage payments, according to the data firm Black Knight. The construction industry is growing.At the investment conference, there was much talk about how Puerto Rico’s low-tax environment will draw investors from the United States and China. Others were bullish about the island’s growing reputation as a haven for cryptocurrency start-ups. Brokers from Sotheby’s International Realty worked the hallway outside the conference room, trying to drum up interest in luxury waterfront homes in the nearby community of Dorado.But many overseas investors are waiting to see what happens with the island’s electrical grid and a moratorium on home foreclosures that a federal housing agency just extended until mid-May.Billions of dollars from Washington are starting to flow, for rebuilding the electrical grid and for housing and urban development projects. But the package is well short of the tens of billions that experts have said are needed.And insurance money is just trickling in. So far, 299,999 claims have been filed by homeowners and businesses but just $1.7 billion in payouts have been approved, according to the insurance department.Much of the federal money is being dispensed as grants and loans that businesses and individuals apply for from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Small Business Administration, among others. The typical household FEMA grant is a few thousand dollars.Lawyers and community groups complain that FEMA has rejected about 60 percent of the 1.1 million household applications it has received. The agency said that figure was misleading because some rejected applicants had received loans from the Small Business Administration or aid from other agencies.One reason for the rejections is that many Puerto Ricans cannot prove that they own a home. Only 65 percent of properties in the territory are officially registered with the government. The problem is especially acute in small cities and rural areas where there’s a custom of property owners not recording titles to homes.In Loíza, an oceanfront community of 30,000, damage to homes and businesses was extensive. Many small businesses in the town were closed for months and may never reopen. Power was restored to most residences and businesses only in the first week of February.Federal funds are only trickling into Loíza, and housing groups said one reason for the slowness was the small proportion of homes there, perhaps 20 percent, that are officially registered. In a makeshift FEMA center, agency workers allowed property owners to submit a written declaration that they owned their home. But advocates said some were still being rejected.Nearby, stray horses ambled along the beach.The halting pace of the economic recovery worries business leaders like Eli S. Sepúlveda Morell, an executive vice president at Banco Popular, Puerto Rico’s largest lender. His biggest concern is a shortage of qualified workers, especially in construction.Mr. Sepúlveda Morell cautioned against excessive pessimism about Puerto Rico’s prospects. “But,” he said, “it’s too early to be extremely positive.”