Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on Australia, news of the world and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter. Want to receive it by email? Sign up here.______Journalism often relies on serendipity.Earlier this week, for example, I went out to Parramatta, one of western Sydney’s most vibrant and diverse areas, to talk to people about Australia Day. And within minutes of arriving, I saw a familiar face walking toward me: Acuoth Achol.A gentle giant with a smile that makes you want to talk to him, he’s one of the coaches of the Savannah Pride, the South-Sudanese-Australian basketball team I wrote about soon after arriving in Australia. His office, where he works on refugee resettlement, was just a block away.“Things have been going really well,” he said as we shook hands. Since the article was published, he said, more American scouts have been visiting, and support for the team has been rising.Shifting gears, I told him I was there to find out what new Australians, like him, thought about Australia Day.Is the holiday a benign celebration of national pride or a tone-deaf party that should be recast or moved from Jan. 26, which is the anniversary of the 1788 arrival of British ships?Is it a day when people of all backgrounds are made to feel that they belong or a day that celebrates colonization without regard for the colonized?His response was thoughtful and revealing. So were the responses of many others, from those who just arrived in Australia to those whose roots run deep.I was especially facinated by the young Australians I met who, despite being proud holders of Australian citizenship, said they didn’t feel it was their right to discuss such a contentious issue.Those thoughts will find their way into another article at some point, but for now, I figured I’d introduce all of you to Acuoth and a few of the other people I talked to.Our more complete roundup of voices and portraits, selected from scores of interviews, can be found here.As always, let us know what you think at nytaustralia@nytimes.com, and please share this newsletter — or better yet, tell friends to sign-up.And don’t forget to scroll down past the interviews for my roundup of New York Times articles that are must-reads this week, plus a recommendation for what might just be the darkest and most fascinating little show on Aussie Netflix.— Acuoth Achol, a refugee resettlement coordinator, originally from South Sudan— Taylor Vincent, a martial arts instructor, who is a member of the Wiradjuri clan— Hossam Farouk, a visitor seeking work, and a chance to move from Qatar to Australia______Max Fisher and Amanda Taub run The Interpreter newsletter, which all curious global-minded readers should subscribe to, and this week they kicked off a new series of video explainers.The first subject is democracy — that messy form of government once lionized and beloved, but now, well, it’s fully stuck in the doldrums.To understand why, watch the video.______I covered open source technology early on in my career, and Steven Johnson was the tech writer we all admired most. He makes complex matters clear better than anyone, so if you read only one article on Bitcoin this year, read his deeply reported exploration in The New York Times Magazine.It will teach you not just about cryptocurrency, but also about how the internet works and could work if the architecture of it returns to its democratic roots.______Cheers, AustraliaThis week’s coverage was dominated, of course, by tennis.From our writers on the scene in Melbourne: Rafael Nadal was sidelined by an injury; Hyeon Chung beat Tennys Sandgren to become the first South Korean man to reach the semifinals of a Grand Slam singles tournament; and the competition on the women’s side continued to heat up.But we also have a sports story on cricket that you shouldn’t miss — a deep look at race and the push to get more Indigenous players to represent Australia in international competition.And here’s my update on the latest news from Manus Island; and an Australia Diary entry from Brisbane about the dynamics of gender and work and just, well, men.Send your telling anecdotes (or photos or artwork) about Australian life to nytaustralia@nytimes.com.______• Apple Can’t Resist Playing by China’s Rules: The company will be taking part in the suppression of freedoms abroad while espousing high-minded values at home.• Sinking Islands, Floating Nation: Rising sea levels are forcing the country of Kiribati to make difficult choices.• The Crown Prince and the New Saudi Economy: Mohammed bin Salman has to rule like a reformer if he wants to transform the kingdom into a Western-oriented market economy.“The End of the F_______ World” is the darkest, most oddly comic and perhaps most compelling portrait of messed-up teenage life that I’ve seen since “Donnie Darko.”Each 20-minute episode is a tour through modernist architecture, British awkwardness and the canyon between how teenagers talk to themselves and what they project out to the world.Watch it on Netflix. And here’s our monthly Netflix guide to other things to watch if you’re taste runs counter to my own. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• “Build that wall!” — a rallying cry to physically protect the U.S. border with Mexico — was a central message of President Trump’s campaign. But his promise to do so was not “fully informed,” the White House chief of staff, John Kelly, privately told members of Congress on Wednesday.Mr. Trump turned to Twitter this morning to contradict his  chief of staff. “The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it,” he wrote, conceding that it would not be necessary on all 2,000 miles of the border, as parts are impassable.• At a meeting with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, Mr. Kelly also expressed confidence that a deal could eventually be reached to preserve protections for the immigrants known as Dreamers.• It was a life-or-death call. In 2013, federal agents took a calculated risk and allowed a former C.I.A. officer with classified information in his luggage to return to Hong Kong.The agents, our behind-the-scenes look shows, hoped that by watching patiently, they could piece together how China had decimated a U.S. spy network.• Five years later, the officer, Jerry Chun Shing Lee, has been arrested on the same charge of possessing classified information that he would originally have faced. But it’s still not clear if he spied for China.• North and South Korea’s agreement on Wednesday to march under one flag at the Winter Olympics next month is a powerful gesture. But it complicates President Trump’s strategy for dealing with Pyongyang.Warning that the ultimate goal of the North’s leader is to rid the Korean Peninsula of American troops, the White House welcomed the two countries’ announcement but played down its significance.• North and South Korea will also field a joint women’s hockey team at the Games, which begin Feb. 9.• After Germany opened its doors to more than a million migrants two years ago, crimes involving migrants or asylum seekers have stoked German insecurities.A recent deadly stabbing involving a teenage Afghan migrant and his German former girlfriend has become Exhibit A for those arguing that the migration policy has increased violent crime.• “The paradox is that Germany is still a very safe country, much safer than even a few years ago,” one criminologist said. “But the perception is the opposite.”• Getting clean has become a lucrative business. But the death of a patient in California has raised questions about what it means to prosper from crisis.Listen on a computer, an iOS device or an Android device.• Apple is bringing its money back. The company plans to  repatriate a majority of the $252 billion in cash that it held abroad, capitalizing on the new tax law.• Amazon has named 20 finalists in the fierce contest to host its second headquarters. The cities include existing tech hubs, and a few surprises.• Fed up with drug  shortages and high prices, a group of hospitals  is creating its own nonprofit drug company.• Four high-profile restaurateurs who have been accused of sexual harassment have stepped away from their empires. But for the companies, the hard part lies ahead.• HuffPost announced today that it would no longer run self-published pieces by unpaid contributors. Founded nearly 13 years ago as The Huffington Post, the news site is seeking to reduce clutter and minimize unverified stories.• President Trump announced his long-promised “Fake News Awards” on Wednesday. The Times “won” two.• U.S. stocks were up on Wednesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Should you buy Bitcoin? Ask a different question first.• Remember these tips to fight forgetfulness.• Recipe of the day: Make Hunan beef at home.• “Vision, chutzpah and some testosterone”The Times editorial board has been sharply critical of the Trump presidency. In the spirit of open debate, it asked his supporters to make their best case for him after his first year in office. Here are their letters.Tomorrow, we’ll present letters from disillusioned Trump voters and from readers reacting to today’s letters and to The Times’s decision to provide this platform.• Beyond the Bitcoin bubbleYes, it’s driven by greed — but the mania for cryptocurrency could build something much more important than wealth. The Times Magazine explains.The bubble is deflating, however. For a time on Wednesday, the price of Bitcoin dipped below $10,000.• Did Rembrandt paint ... you?Museum visitors have been seeking their art twins, and a Google app has helped the trend explode.• Best of late-night TVSamantha Bee addressed the recent claims against Aziz Ansari: “We know the difference between a rapist, a workplace harasser and an Aziz Ansari,” she said. “That doesn’t mean we have to be happy about any of them.”• Quotation of the day“North Korean propaganda is in a category all its own. It is not surprising that North Korea is sending more cheerleaders and musicians than athletes.”— Michael Anton, a spokesman for the National Security Council, on the announcement of a thaw between North and South Korea for the Winter Olympics.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.Double your money in just 90 days.That’s what Charles Ponzi, who died 69 years ago this week, promised investors. In the end, Ponzi swindled more than $15 million in 1920, the equivalent of about $190 million today.The trickery took Ponzi’s name, as the headlines noted 10 years ago when Bernard Madoff defrauded clients of more than $50 billion. But the original scheme centered on postal notes.Ponzi took advantage of international postal reply coupons, which allowed customers in one country to buy a voucher redeemable for stamps in another country.The idea was that Ponzi’s company would take investors’ dollars, use them to buy foreign postal coupons, convert each coupon into a 5-cent stamp, and convert the stamps into cash.But the plan was a fraud.Instead, Ponzi collected the money and paid off his investors while waiting for another influx of cash. Millions of dollars began arriving every week.Ponzi’s scheme was eventually exposed, and he later died in a charity hospital in Brazil, with only $75 to his name.Remy Tumin contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here. If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Sunday through Friday. We have four global editions, timed for the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, and an Evening Briefing on weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:• President Mahmoud Abbas, above center, of the Palestinian Authority said that Israel had killed the 1990s Oslo peace accords. But he reserved his most scathing words for the United States. “Damn your money!” Mr. Abbas said of President Trump.Mr. Abbas also confirmed a recent New York Times report that the Palestinians had been told they would be offered the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Abu Dis, which they already control, as the capital of a future state._____• “I’m not a racist.”That was President Trump, also insisting that he had not made the derogatory comment that was attributed to him during a meeting on immigration last week.The vulgar remark had been met with outrage from lawmakers in the U.S., leaders in Africa and elsewhere, but there was also ringing silence across broad parts of Europe, especially in the east.The president’s words, our national immigration correspondent writes, were a sad reminder of racist attitudes that once shaped American policy._____• In the Czech Republic, President Milos Zeman came first in the first round of presidential elections but failed to pass the 50-percent threshold that would have saved him from having to compete in a runoff.That vote, in two weeks, will decide whether the country continues to be drawn toward Russia and China under Mr. Zeman’s leadership or moves back more fully into the embrace of the E.U. under Jiri Drahos, above left, Mr. Zeman’s challenger.Analysts predict a tight race._____• The United States and the E.U. have warned Kosovo against attempts by former guerrillas turned politicians to halt a special war crimes court before it has even begun work.The court is viewed by many as a vital prerequisite for reconciliation in the aftermath of the bloody Balkan wars of the 1990s.But critics expect that when Parliament reconvenes this week, some lawmakers will try to undermine it to protect prominent war veterans._____• Male models and assistants are accusing the fashion photographers Bruce Weber and Mario Testino of sexual misconduct. Condé Nast said it would stop working with the two men, at least for now.The three men above are among those who told us that they had endured sexual harassment on the job.After fierce criticism from French feminists, Catherine Deneuve, the French actress, apologized to victims of sexual assault for the letter she and other women recently signed denouncing the #metoo movement._____• “There are some disadvantages to crowns, but otherwise they’re quite important things.”Queen Elizabeth II, who has never granted an interview, relaxed her longstanding reticence to reminisce on camera about her 1953 coronation in a new documentary.• At 54, Jeff Bezos of Amazon is the world’s richest person, with a net worth of more than $100 billion. He had stayed out of the limelight for years, but he has recently started to build a public persona.• Uber’s $100,000 payment to a hacker has cast a chill over how companies deal with security threats.• We went inside the newly megarich cryptocurrency community and found a tightknit group of friends debating changing the world order.• Automakers have reason to celebrate as they gather this week at the Detroit auto show, but less rosy times may lie ahead.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets and a look at what could move them this week.• A passenger plane trying to land in Turkey this weekend made a heart-stopping skid off a runway, ending up stuck on a steep slope facing the Black Sea. No one was injured. [The New York Times]• Security experts called a false alarm in Hawaii this weekend a warning of how a technical error could set off an unintended conflict between the United States and North Korea. [The New York Times]• On the seventh anniversary of Tunisia’s revolution, thousands of demonstrators rallied against austerity measures and economic malaise. Officials are beginning to address the growing discontent. [The New York Times]• Syria’s civil war: The Turkish government condemned reported plans for a new Kurdish-dominated border force allied with the U.S.-led coalition. [Reuters]• Facebook’s recent fiddling with its algorithms has magnified fake news in some countries, including Slovakia. [The New York Times]• In the U.S., Chelsea Manning, the former Army private convicted of disclosing classified information to WikiLeaks in 2013, has filed to run for the Senate. [The New York Times]• Officials in Ireland are facing agonizing choices about what to do with the remains of young children found buried at a former home for unwed mothers and their babies in the town of Tuam. [The New York Times]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Protect your technology this year.• Where to get healthier in 2018.• Recipe of the day: Begin the week with a big bowl of Thai red curry noodles.• If we ever get to Mars, the beer might not be bad. Hops grows well in Martial soil, an experiment by college students suggests.• We look at the science behind the Swiss government’s recent decision to ban tossing lobsters and other crustaceans into boiling water.• A new novel by the Austrian author Robert Menasse lays bare the oddities of the E.U. bureaucracy in Brussels with satire and sympathy.• The discovery of a secret tunnel under the Berlin Wall that was intended to help reunite a family in the 1960s has fueled memories of a dark chapter in Berlin’s history.• Toronto has welcomed thousands of Syrians and their cooking, supporting a small boom in food businesses.• In soccer news, Liverpool ensured that Manchester City would not go unbeaten through its Premier League schedule, but its 4-3 victory barely dented City’s invincible aura.• Three American tennis stars did not make it out of the first day of the Australian Open. (Here’s a look at some players to watch.)The headquarters for the U.S. military has always stood out.The Pentagon building was already in use when it was dedicated 75 years ago today, at the height of World War II.Built just across the Potomac River from Washington in less than two years, the Pentagon was home to 22,000 workers by the end of 1942.It remains one of the world’s largest office buildings, with more than six million square feet of floor space.The distinctive design came from the shape of the first proposed site, which was hemmed in by streets on five sides. When President Franklin Roosevelt decided on a different location, the shape stayed, but the sides were made even.The first architectural reviews were not glowing, but they improved over time.“Called too big, too barren and too expensive when it was completed for $83 million in 1943, the Pentagon is a thriving, functional success in 1968,” The Times wrote in a report for the 25th anniversary of the building, which it extolled as a place of community:“Everyman, or Littleman, triumphed over all. Thousands of secretaries and office workers have turned the Pentagon into a cluttered, cosy, home-away-from-home.”Sarah Anderson contributed reporting._____This briefing was prepared for the European morning and is updated online. Browse past briefings here.You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. We have four global editions, timed for the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, and an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.The quants and their algorithms may have taken over Wall Street. But one investment legend is making a big bet on a more old-fashioned mode of analysis: philosophy.Bill Miller, the value investor who famously beat the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index for 15 consecutive years (and whose faith in bank stocks later won a mocking depiction in the movie “The Big Short”), has donated $75 million to the philosophy department of Johns Hopkins University.The gift, formally announced on Tuesday, appears to be the largest by far to a philosophy department anywhere in the world, the university said. It will allow the department, which will be renamed for Mr. Miller, to nearly double in size, to 22 full-time faculty members, while also supporting graduate students, postdoctoral fellows and new courses aimed at attracting undergraduates.While a number of billionaires and business titans have created splashy million-dollar philosophy prizes, Mr. Miller — a former Ph.D. student in philosophy at Johns Hopkins — said he was pleased to be making an investment in the infrastructure of the profession.“I wanted the gift to go to something where it would have a significant impact, and change the trajectory,” Mr. Miller, whose firm, Miller Value Partners, is based in Baltimore, said in a telephone interview.Philosophy, he added, “has made a huge difference both to my life outside business, in terms of adding a great degree of richness and knowledge, and to the actual decisions I’ve made in investing.”Mr. Miller gift may seem modest compared with the $1.5 billion that Michael Bloomberg has given to Johns Hopkins over his lifetime, including a $300 million gift to its School of Public Health in 2016.But Ronald Daniels, the president of Johns Hopkins, said Mr. Miller’s gift would give a much-needed boost to the beleaguered humanities, at a moment when many universities, and the governments that support them, are heavily focused on the so-called STEM fields: science, technology, engineering and math.“This gift is so wonderfully contrarian,” Mr. Daniels said. “To have someone of Bill’s stature who is willing to lend an imprimatur to philosophy, this most ancient of disciplines, and to the idea of its continuing relevance as an end in itself, is simply spectacular.”Mr. Miller, 67, is not the only old-guard Wall Street figure with a background in philosophy. George Soros was heavily influenced by the Austrian philosopher Karl Popper. Carl Icahn was a philosophy major at Princeton, where he wrote a senior thesis titled “The Problem of Formulating an Adequate Explication of the Empiricist Criterion of Meaning.” (On the watchdog side of the street, Sheila Bair, the former chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, was also a philosophy major.)Mr. Miller, whose father worked as a terminal manager for a trucking company, said he had essentially talked his way into the Ph.D. program at Hopkins, despite having taken only one six-week course in philosophy at the very end of his senior year.“They wanted to see three examples of your philosophical work,” he recalled. “I didn’t have any, so I took 30 days off the Army and wrote three papers.”Mr. Miller, who worked part-time in accounting during graduate school, completed the coursework and qualifying exams. But when it came time to start a dissertation, he looked at the difficult prospects of getting a teaching job, and left for (much) greener pastures.Philosophy is often derided as useless and impractical, and not always in as fond a way as in the classic Monty Python sketch “Mrs. Premise and Mrs. Conclusion Visit Jean-Paul Sartre.” But when Marco Rubio, on the campaign trail in 2015, said America needed “more welders and less philosophers,” defenders of Sophia rushed to note that postsecondary philosophy teachers earned nearly twice as much as welders, while former philosophy majors outearned most other liberal arts majors by midcareer.On Wall Street, Mr. Miller, an old-fashioned stock picker who focused on identifying undervalued companies, is famous for his 15-year streak beating the S.&.P 500, from 1991 to 2006, while at Legg Mason, where he spent most of his career. He was an early believer in Amazon, investing heavily at a time when most analysts were highly skeptical.“There was a huge amount of confirmation bias going on with Amazon,” he said. “There was an inability to do what Wittgenstein talked about in his ‘Philosophical Investigations’: crisscrossing the landscape from many angles, investigating in many different ways.”The more general public may recall his brief depiction in “The Big Short,” where he was the guy blustering on about the fundamental strength of Bear Stearns stock (which in real life Mr. Miller rode toward the bottom) in a public debate with Steve Carell’s character even as it was shown plummeting on BlackBerry screens.The scene, based on a real exchange, “made the person seem quite a bit more pompous than I think of myself as being,” Mr. Miller said.In recent years Mr. Miller, who said his firm currently has $2.5 billion under management (considerably less than the funds he oversaw at Legg Mason, with which he ended ties in 2016), has invested heavily in Bitcoin.The cryptocurrency has inspired a nascent philosophical literature, to complement more in-flight friendly reading like Bitcoin Magazine. In addition to books on the history and sociology of money, Mr. Miller said he had been reading the Berkeley philosopher John Searle’s 1995 book “The Construction of Social Reality,” which looks at how objective social realities form, grow and change.“It is particularly insightful when trying to understand new social facts and structures such as crypto assets,” Mr. Miller said.Good morning. Here’s what you need to know:• For 38 minutes, many Hawaiians thought they were under attack.The state’s emergency management office sent an alert to cellphones on Saturday urging people to take shelter from a ballistic missile. Thankfully, it was a false alarm.Not surprisingly, the alert caused widespread panic, coming at a time of heightened tensions with North Korea. Security experts called it a frightening warning of how a technical error could set off an unintended conflict.Since the dawn of the nuclear age, there have been no shortage of erroneous alarms. We revisited a few._____• Iranian officials rejected President Trump’s call to revise the 2015 nuclear agreement, saying the deal was “not renegotiable.”Mr. Trump on Friday reluctantly signed waivers to keep the agreement in place, but he demanded that European allies agree to rewrite the nuclear deal within 120 days or else he would kill it.Separately, the Iranian oil tanker that burned off the coast of China for more than a week sank on Sunday. “There is no hope of finding survivors,” an Iranian official said._____• “You have children watching. You have nations watching.”That was just one of the many shocked reactions after President Trump said he did not want immigrants from “shithole” countries. It came from Senator Ron Johnson, Republican of Wisconsin.But another senator who attended the meeting forcefully denied that Mr. Trump had used that phrase, saying a Democratic colleague’s account of the session was “a gross misrepresentation.”The president’s vulgar comments, our national immigration correspondent writes, were a sad reminder of racist attitudes that once shaped American policy._____• South Korea proposed that North Korea join it in fielding a joint women’s hockey team at the Pyeongchang Games next month.It would be a first for the Games and a dramatic emblem of the recent warming of relations on the Korean Peninsula. The North’s Olympic representative said it was “under discussion.”And in South Korea, there’s a growing push to overturn an abortion ban. Activists say it puts women at risk and creates a culture of shame._____• Male models and assistants are accusing the fashion photographers Bruce Weber and Mario Testino of sexual misconduct.Both are huge names: Mr. Weber is best known for his racy advertisements for Calvin Klein and Abercrombie & Fitch, while Mr. Testino is a favorite of the British royal family and Vogue.Above from left, Ryan Locke, Robyn Sinclair and Terron Wood. Each said he had experienced sexual harassment during his time modeling.Mark Wahlberg and his talent agency, meanwhile, will donate $2 million to a fund dedicated to fighting pay inequity and harassment of women in Hollywood. The donation comes after an outcry about pay discrepancy in his recent film._____• A frenzy over cryptocurrencies has sent their value soaring and investors scrambling.But the leading player, Bitcoin, was rattled last week by word that South Korea is preparing a ban on trading in virtual currencies. But it isn’t clear whether, or how quickly, it will follow through.And we went inside the newly megarich cryptocurrency community and found a tightknit group of friends — developers, libertarians, Redditors and cypherpunks — who talk about decentralizing power and wealth, and changing the world order. (They also remember who laughed at them.)_____• Uber once paid a hacker $100,000 over a security breach that exposed the data of 57 million riders and drivers. Our team took a close look at its continuing fallout.• A big year for stocks in China and India has bargain hunters turning to emerging markets.• One analyst estimates that same-sex marriage in Australia could help the economy grow by $500 million in a year.• Meet Mr. Amazon. Jeff Bezos, 54, is the world’s richest person. Now he’s shedding some of his mystery.•  Here’s a snapshot of global markets.• A passenger plane skidded off a runway in Turkey, ending up stuck on a steep slope feet from the Black Sea. No one was hurt. [The New York Times]• In Chile, firebombs exploded outside three churches, apparently to highlight the plight of an indigenous group and the issue of sex abuse before Pope Francis’ visit. [The New York Times]• President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines rejected calls from his allies to extend his six-year term and to cancel elections next year. [VOA]• A volcano eruption forced the evacuation of 1,500 people from an island off the northern coast of Papua New Guinea. [Reuters]• Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan could miss the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics as tensions with South Korea flared over World War II-era sex slaves. [The New York Times]• A 7.1-magnitude earthquake  off Peru’s coast early Sunday killed at least one person and injured dozens. [AP]• The police in China used explosives and heavy machinery to destroy a Christian megachurch in part of what critics called a national effort to control the country’s spiritual life. [The New York Times]• Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrived in New Delhi for the first visit by an Israeli leader to India in 15 years. [Indian Express]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Protect your technology this year.• Recipe of the day: Begin the week with a big bowl of Thai red curry noodles.• “Frost boy” is what China’s state media calls him. The image of an 8-year-old with icicles in his hair trekking miles to school has underscored the plight of poor rural children.• From the Queen’s vault. Among the private details  Elizabeth II revealed about her 1953 coronation in a BBC documentary: The crown was too big.• And the Australian Open begins today in Melbourne. Some tennis stars will not be on hand, so who can take advantage?The headquarters for the U.S. military has always stood out.The Pentagon building was already in use when it was dedicated 75 years ago today, at the height of World War II.Built just across the Potomac River from Washington in less than two years, the Pentagon was home to 22,000 workers by the end of 1942.It remains one of the world’s largest office buildings, with more than 6 million square feet of floor space.The distinctive design came from the shape of the first proposed site, which was hemmed in by streets on five sides. When President Franklin Roosevelt decided on a different location, the shape stayed, but the sides were made even.The first architectural reviews were not glowing, but they improved over time.“Called too big, too barren and too expensive when it was completed for $83-million in 1943, the Pentagon is a thriving, functional success in 1968,” The Times wrote in a report for the 25th anniversary of the building, which it extolled as a place of community:“Everyman, or Littleman, triumphed over all. Thousands of secretaries and office workers have turned the Pentagon into a cluttered, cosy, home-away-from-home.”Sarah Anderson contributed reporting._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Browse past briefings here. We have briefings timed for the Australian, Asian, European and American mornings. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.Recently, my brother experienced a cryptocurrency windfall. Almost overnight, $300 ballooned into tens of thousands, and now he can remodel his basement. Maybe. I don’t know. I suppose he can if he finds the money lurking behind the math.Since the spring, I have furrowed my brow through two lunches, three dinners and half a dozen kaffeeklatsches during which my conversation partners made pronouncements about the ever-mystifying Bitcoin. They were certain of the simplicity of what I call “space money,” certain of its life cycle, certain of its dynamics.My mind, on the other hand, can manage only a few key words before it charges merrily toward free association: Bitcoin, blockchain, key chain, chain of fools, fools rush in, Salma Hayek, etc.Throughout these brain-blitz discussions, my boyfriend sat beside me and, I assumed, shared my skepticism. But then the impassioned talk would animate him, and I wondered if he, too, may soon invest. And I judged them all for it.I thought: “Why invest in something you can never hold in hand?” Faith in things unseen, with the stakes as high as they are — I couldn’t surrender to it.And that’s curious, because I’m a religious person: hopeful, faithful and forever looking toward the nothingness of sky knowing, in my bones, that there’s a “there” there.But with love, I was focused on something tangible. I could see what I was holding. The very flesh of it. And I knew it was substantial enough to warrant all of my beaten-down but unrelenting faith.I was holding someone who generated so much noise, in me and for us. He stimulated thought and conversation in a way that felt endlessly curious.He was insistent about everything: that people apologize, that he bring hot tea to his evening doorman, that deodorant and body spray are one and the same, that I drink more water.He was set ablaze by the political news ticker. He had dreams for this country and suffered no one’s apathy.He preferred winter to summer and took to snow like a child.When he painted — a leisure habit he was trying to incorporate into his everyday life — there was no leisure in it. He was fierce, self-deprecating and determined.He loved his family as I did mine: completely, proudly and with the highest priority.Whenever I placed a meal before him, he looked like a recent escapee from prison, wild-eyed and deliriously happy.His absurd physical comedy worked like a charm on me.And for someone born in the 1990s, he had an inexplicable love of jazz.When we first met, I was battling to extricate myself from a relationship with someone profoundly kind but with whom I was misaligned. Months after the demise of that relationship, I saw him again, at a lazy Saturday gathering of friends. Engrossed in an hourslong conversation, we ignored everyone else all afternoon until I let him walk me home.I knew he would ask me for a date before long, and, after twice declining in consideration of a friend who had once dated him, I could no longer resist. He felt too familiar to bypass. As if, despite having no shared roots, we had been growing toward this encounter all along.On our first date, I belly laughed multiple times. I thought of my friend Rebecca, who instinctively knew that the man who is now her husband was “it” because of a sidesplitting first dinner.On our second date, we lay awake on the cold cement in Joan of Arc Park until the birds began their morning repertoire.And, at the end of our third, he huddled beside me in a bus station, pressed play on “Try a Little Tenderness” and slipped his phone into his breast pocket, the music drifting between us like the softest and most fated stitching of time.Six months later, walking through Midtown amid the bitter November cold, we noticed a bedraggled man peering into the window of a pizza shop, retreating to the curb, and then returning to look through the panes.My boyfriend asked if he was hungry and pressed a sandwich into his hands. The man thanked us, but then met our gaze beseechingly and said, “How did you know?”I listened long enough to hear my boyfriend say, “We didn’t. You just looked a little tired,” before I turned my back and burst into tears.A month later, my boyfriend would say that this was the moment he fell in love with me. For me, it was just one of hundreds of times I fell in love with him all over again.Like the time he defended me against a critical friend. Or when he was waiting in my office one morning with a sly smile on his face and flowers in his hands. Or when he sneaked into my apartment to assemble a behemoth of an armchair. Or when he deferred to my expertise in conversations about education. Or when he fed my niece supper. Or when he capaciously took interest in my friends or childhood home, people and places to which he had no connection other than me. Or when he fearfully, but finally, said he loved me.Every time I introduced him to friends, I felt proud. He was magnetic, interested, interesting and always warm.To be fair, a month into our relationship, he said he was worried about the pressure my readiness for commitment might visit upon him. But I believed there was something between us that could not be replicated. I had a hunch, even then, that this union bore my sought-after truth — that we vibrated at the same frequency and would always grow in lock-step pace.Several months later, after a painful fight, we parted at the subway — I in sadness and he in anger. But moments later, he came bounding down the stairwell just as my train arrived, followed me into the car and said he felt sick the instant he’d left me.Over the coming months, he would say that we were his deepest love, that he had no reservations about me, just about his own readiness.Piteously, I would hear only the first part.For years before we met, I had been consumed by a numbness that utterly reduced me. The pain of leaving home to attempt adulthood was exacerbated by my inability to find peace in partnership. I tried to turn every relationship into a love that could replace the mighty one with which I was raised, but they left me feeling unseen or stagnant.With him, though, I felt alive. I felt like the version of myself I long assumed had been dead and buried. And I began to believe that I was meant to be paralyzed by fear throughout all of those tumultuous years so that, when he finally appeared, I would be free to love him.I started to understand what others had always described: the softening of edges that certainty affords us. All the things that might have troubled me about him — his inability to hear me when he was fixed upon a computer screen, his lukewarm interest in fiction, his occasional melodrama — could be set aside if it meant that I could keep him.For the first time in my life, I didn’t label our differences as damning. They were the space within which we divided, leaving room for us to yearn for each other, to be dazzled by our distinctiveness, to always want to draw the other closer.Everyone with whom I have discussed Bitcoin has affirmed that it is a system based on trust. These elusive wonder coins bear and accrue value because of the shared faith that miners and moneymakers place in them.And now, I’m kicking myself for not investing some paltry sum at an earlier date.All along, I thought I was holding something of value because I could see and feel it. But realness and value are products of shared and equal faith, no matter if in things unseen. I can’t find or visualize Bitcoins, and I will never understand how complex math brings them deeper into reality. But when people equally believe in them, they become viable.He and I, on the other hand, were doing our arithmetic separately, in each of our messy minds. And while I will never understand how someone could hold the full weight of me in his arms and choose to let go, I understand that his final calculus was different from mine.With Bitcoin, you know exactly how much you invest, how much you stand to lose, how much you own.Going into this — my hard-won, full-bodied love — I only knew that I had everything to gain. And I just thought that, if I could see it, feel it and know it to be true, it couldn’t possibly disappear.But between my brother and me, one of us now has a soon-to-be remodeled home, its reliable cemented foundation paid for by “space money.” And the other, palms bare, remains suspended in space.SAN FRANCISCO — Russian and Venezuelan officials are hoping virtual currencies can help their countries make an end run around American sanctions.Both governments, with ambitions to create state-sponsored cryptocurrencies, are looking to take advantage of the promise that Bitcoin introduced to the world financial system: a new kind of money and financial infrastructure, outside the control of any central authority, particularly the United States.The Russian and Venezuelan plans may sound outlandish, even in the financial Wild West of Bitcoin and its online competitors. But they underscore how the rise of virtual currencies is pushing governments around the world to rethink the most basic elements of their own currencies and financial infrastructure.What has seemed like a fringe concept is starting to gain some level of acceptance in global finance. Several of the largest central banks in the world, including the Bank of England and the People’s Bank of China, have said they are looking at using the technology introduced by Bitcoin to track and issue their own digital currencies.In Venezuela, the idea has come from the top. President Nicolás Maduro laid out a plan last month to create a homegrown digital currency known as the Petro, which would be similar to Bitcoin but backed by the government’s oil and natural resources.In Russia, officials under President Vladimir V. Putin have floated the idea of a Bitcoin-like crypto ruble.“When it comes to state-sensitive types of activities, this instrument suits us very well,” one of Mr. Putin’s aides, Sergei Glazyev, said last month in a conversation about the crypto ruble, according to several Russian news outlets. “We can settle payments with our business partners all over the world regardless of sanctions.”Economists and virtual currency experts have given Venezuela’s Petro and the crypto ruble from Russia low probabilities of working in the way the governments seem to anticipate. That’s because Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are decentralized systems with no one in charge, while the Russian and Venezuelan plans would give the leaders of both countries a measure of control over the new currencies.That runs counter to some of the most basic concepts of virtual currency.All Bitcoin transactions are recorded on a ledger known as the blockchain, which is maintained by many independent computers. The system was designed that way explicitly to avoid central banks and large financial institutions. Just as email allowed messages to move around without going through a central postal service, the computer network maintaining Bitcoin records allows money to move around without going through any central authority.That would provide a good way to get around sanctions, which are usually enforced through regulatory and banking disclosure rules.But some central bankers have said that issuing their own currencies on some sort of blockchain could make it easier for citizens to use the money without going through intermediaries like banks and credit card companies. It could also make the records more resistant to tampering and hacking.In a speech last year, a member of the German central bank’s executive board, Carl-Ludwig Thiele, said the bank’s “conceptual study shows that blockchain technology can be adapted to meet the current needs and requirements of the financial system.”“The prototype works,” he added.These projects, though, have been slow to move from prototype to working systems, and many officials and programmers have pointed to many technical hurdles that still need to be overcome.None of that has stopped Venezuela from moving forward quickly with its effort to create a digital asset that the government can control.Mr. Maduro introduced the idea on Dec. 3 in his regular Sunday television program. He said he had been monitoring so-called cryptocurrencies and had put in place plans to create the Petro, which would be backed by the country’s gold, oil, gas and diamond reserves.“To overcome the financial blockade, this will allow us to move toward new forms of international financing,” he said.Since then, the government has created an office of the cryptocurrency superintendent and appointed officials to run the operation.The Petros are set to live on a blockchain like the one Bitcoin uses, but will derive their value from the government’s natural resources.The link between Petros and natural resources could be similar to the backing that gold provided for most international currencies a century ago. The backing might counteract the sort of hyperinflation that the real Venezuelan currency, the bolívar, has experienced in recent years because of the government’s unbridled expansion of the money supply.The boldness of the Petro plan is in proportion to Venezuela’s desperate economic condition, which has officials looking for anything that could help.“The country is in a social crisis,” said José Ángel Álvarez, the head of a national association, Asonacrip, that has been working with the government on the Petro. “How do we manage to build trust? Open technology, clear rules that meet the attributes of the cryptocoin: decentralization, for example.”Mr. Álvarez said he anticipated that the first oil will be sold for Petros in the first half of 2018.But the link between the currency and the government’s oil holdings is likely to make it unattractive to investors, given the lack of confidence that investors have shown in Mr. Maduros’s government.There is a measure of irony in the government’s interest in cryptocurrencies. Over the last few years, Venezuelans have shown a growing interest in virtual currencies as a means of escaping Mr. Maduro’s government.An online marketplace known as LocalBitcoins has connected Venezuelans looking to buy Bitcoin and get their money out of the bolívar, which has steadily lost value because of hyperinflation. This year, the number of transactions in Venezuela on LocalBitcoins has risen tenfold, according to Chainalysis, a data analysis firm.The Venezuelan government has not been nearly as welcoming of this type of virtual currency activity.Randy Brito, the founder of the Facebook group Bitcoin Venezuela, said that in December he identified between 10 and 20 cases where people in Venezuela appeared to have been arrested for their Bitcoin activities — more than double the cases he had seen in the year up until now.In most cases, buying any sort of foreign currency is illegal in Venezuela. That prevents residents from sending all of their money out of the country.Mr. Brito, who left Venezuela in 2004 and now lives in Spain, said everyone in his group was aware of how the government was punishing its citizens for doing the same thing that the government was trying to do within the broader financial system.“The irony is in front of us,” he said. “They have been blockaded by the U.S., just like they blockade their own people from operating.”The Russian government has also not looked kindly upon its citizens’ use of Bitcoin and other virtual currencies. While the government’s policies have remained opaque, officials with the Russian Central Bank have talked about blocking the access of people inside the country to virtual currency websites, and Mr. Putin has pointed out the many potential illegal uses of the technology.“First and foremost, this is an opportunity for laundering illegal gains, tax evasion and even financing of terrorism, not to mention the proliferation of scams to which ordinary people can fall victim,” he said in October.But Mr. Putin has indicated that he is open to potential uses of the technology that would be under his control. In June, he had a much publicized conversation with Vitalik Buterin, the creator of one of the largest virtual currency networks, Ethereum. Mr. Buterin was raised in Canada and has dual Russian and Canadian citizenship.A number of officials with the central bank and the Ministry of Communication have dropped hints about the creation of some sort of crypto ruble.The efforts in Russia are much less urgent than those in Venezuela because the Russian economy is doing much better. But leaders there have been looking widely for any way to push back against American sanctions.The Russian minister of communications, Nikolai Nikiforov, said in October that a crypto ruble would be designed quite differently from Bitcoin, with no need for the mining process through which Bitcoins are released into the world.Such a currency would make it easier for the government to track and tax transactions, which is an advantage that other countries have spoken about as well.The authorities in the United States have long been aware that virtual currencies might be used to evade sanctions. David S. Cohen, a Treasury official focused on terrorism and financial intelligence, said in 2014 that the American authorities were not seeing any widespread efforts to get around sanctions with virtual currencies.But, he said at the time, “these are adaptable actors who are drawn to ungoverned spaces and so may increasingly look to this technology as an attractive way to transfer value.”Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Tesla pushes back its Model 3 production targets again.• Manafort’s lawsuit faces a tough road.• Researchers discover two major flaws in the world’s computers.• Spotify filed confidentially to go public.• The death of Ant Financial’s bid to buy MoneyGram raises questions about how useful close ties to President Trump are.• Dominion Energy and Scana are combining.• Underwriting for free.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The electric carmaker said it delivered 1,550 Model 3s in the fourth quarter and would likely build about 2,500 Model 3s per week by the end of the first quarter.Those numbers were well below analyst expectations and Tesla’s past forecasts.In September, analysts predicted that Telsa would deliver 15,900 Model 3s in the fourth quarter. That number had come down since then. Prior to Wednesday’s announcement, the consensus among analysts was 4,100, or more than double what Tesla actually delivered.Meanwhile, the forecast of 2,500 Model 3s per week by the end of the first quarter is half the number it had earlier promised. The company now says it will produce 5,000 Model 3s a week by the end of the second quarter.Critics corner: “The premise of the stock’s sky-high valuation has long been of Tesla eventually dominating the auto industry. That notion has hardly ever seemed more fanciful,” writes Heard on the Street’s Charley Grant.The news hasn’t spooked investors much. Shares are down just 2 percent after the close.Lawyers know that there are many paths to getting a good result. When one is blocked, then look for another one.The lawsuit filed by Paul J. Manafort Jr., the former campaign chairman for President Trump, against the Justice Department, deputy attorney general Rod J. Rosenstein, and special counsel Robert S. Mueller III is an effort to find a backdoor way to block the criminal charges filed against him last October.The Supreme Court has made it abundantly clear, most recently in 2014 in Kaley v. United States, that defendants cannot attack a grand jury indictment by claiming that they are innocent. That’s what a trial is for, so once indicted the only alternative is to go to trial.But that’s a risky path, especially for Mr. Manafort who will face a jury from Washington, D.C., a venue that is not very hospitable to Republicans.To avoid a trial, Mr. Manafort asked the court to stop the case because it is unrelated to any Russian interference with the 2016 election. The lawsuit claims that Mr. Mueller exceeded the limits of his appointment as special counsel, comparing the indictment to the discredited independent counsel law that led to drawn out investigations of President Bill Clinton and others in the 1990s.Can it work? Federal judges have a strong aversion to interfering with prosecutors, routinely refusing to second guess decisions about who to prosecute and what to charge. So Mr. Manafort faces a tough road if he wants to find a means to block Mr. Mueller from dragging him into court.Deciding whether one is guilty is usually left to the jury, not a judge saying who should and shouldn’t be prosecuted.— Peter J. HenningThose are the names of two major security flaws found in the microprocessors inside nearly all of the world’s computers.The Meltdown flaw affects virtually every Intel microprocessor, which are used in more than 90 percent of computer servers. Spectre affects most other processors now in use, though the researchers believe this flaw is more difficult to exploit.From Cade Metz and Nicole Perloth of the NYT:The business implications are unclear for chip makers, who may have to eventually swap out all affected hardware to eradicate the threats.The researchers notified the affected companies but had tried to keep the news from the public so hackers could not take advantage of the flaws before they were fixed.The Register, a British science and technology website, reported news of the Meltdown flaw, spurring the researchers to release papers describing the flaws much earlier than they had planned.Intel’s shares fell 3.4 percent Wednesday. Rivals Advance Micro Devices and Nvidia jumped 5.2 percent and 6.6 percent respectively.The tax overhaul signed into law last month should boost corporate bottom lines.The bad news? The gains could be shortlived.Bank of America Merrill Lynch raised its 2018 earnings forecast for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index to $153 from $139.But tax reform may weigh on corporate profits in 2019.The bank forecasts earnings of $161 in 2019.Which sectors stand to get biggest earnings boost this year from the cut to the corporate tax rate? consumer discretionary and telecom. Why? The two sectors generate more of their revenue domestically and have a higher average tax rate.Not Spotify it seems.The music streaming service filed confidentially to go public through a direct listing on the New York Stock Exchange, according to reports.The NYT reported in May that the company was leaning toward such a listing.A direct listing is exceedingly rare and bypasses the traditional initial public offering process that virtually every other company uses to begin trading on the markets.Direct listings essentially move trading in a company’s stock from private markets to public ones, with new investors buying shares on the open market. Instead of a prospectus many weeks before the market debut, the company files a registration statement soon before a direct listing.By eschewing an I.P.O., Spotify is not seeking to raise additional money.Wall Street and Silicon Valley will watch Spotify’s listing closely. If it goes well, it could spur other high profile start-ups to pursue a direct listing. Wall Street is unlikely to cheer such a development. Direct listings generate lower fees than the typical I.P.O.That’s essentially what is happening in Asia. The Wall Street Journal reports that three state-owned Indian companies paid a dollar in underwriting fees to seven banks, including Barclays and Standard Chartered, for their work selling a total of $1.3 billion in dollar-denominated bonds.While those fees may be unusually low, they highlight a trend in the region: “Underwriting revenue, while also up from a year ago, isn’t keeping up with the accelerating pace of Asian corporate bond issuance.That is raising concerns that underwriting “could become largely unprofitable” in Asia.In the United States, companies, on average, pay fees of 0.7 percentage point for an investment-grade corporate bond issue and 1.2 percentage points for underwriting a junk bond offering.So much for the charm offensive last year by Jack Ma: U.S. officials have effectively killed a $1.2 billion takeover bid by one of his companies for MoneyGram.The failure of Ant Financial, an electronic payments company controlled by Mr. Ma, to win approval from an American national security watchdog raises questions of how much being friendly to President Trump ultimately helps.If it’s true that White House officials are clashing over how hard a negotiating stance to take with countries like China over trade, this development suggests that the hawks might have the upper hand right now.Who should be worried• Foreign companies, particularly Chinese ones, seeking to buy American counterparts. (Think also of Broadcom, which is legally headquartered in Singapore and which is pursuing Qualcomm — and has assiduously courted Mr. Trump.)• Domestic companies looking to merge in contested situations, despite having unofficial support from the president. (Think Disney and Fox, whose proposed transaction raised antitrust concerns but garnered praise from Mr. Trump.)• American companies looking to do business in China, who may now face retaliatory blowback.Critics’ corner• Lex writes, “With the demise of this payments merger, any Chinese company wanting to buy anything of significance in the U.S. should give up.” (Lex)• Richard Beales writes, “If it’s a rebuke, it’s one that’s conveniently unlikely to provoke great resentment.” (Breakingviews)Dominion Energy has agreed to buy Scana Corporation in an all-stock deal valued at $14.6 billion, including debt.Scana shareholders will receive 0.669 shares of Dominion Energy for each share held. That’s about $53.71 a share based on Dominion’s stock price at Tuesday’s close and a 28 percent premium.Shares of Scana jumped 22 percent on the news, while Dominion slipped 4 percent.Scana has struggled since this summer when it abandoned two unfinished nuclear reactors in South Carolina. The project was once expected to showcase advanced nuclear technology but was plagued by delays and cost overruns.Scana’s shares are down more than 40 percent since midsummer.Height Securities via Axios warns that the deal has ways to go before it closes.Where Bitcoin traded early yesterday: $13,833Where Bitcoin is trading this morning: $15,202What happened: It was probably the revelation that the venture capitalist Peter Thiel has made a big bet on the digital currency.From Rob Copeland of the WSJ:Has Founders Fund made money? The WSJ reports, citing unidentified sources, that the firm bought about $15 million in Bitcoin and that its stake is now worth hundreds of millions of dollars.The Bitcoin flyaround• John O’Rourke, the head of Riot Blockchain, a small biotech-turned-digital currency company, has made at least $712,000 on price increase of more than 60 percent after the company added blockchain to its name. (CNBC)• The penny-stock company TGI Solar Power Group enjoyed a surge in its stock price (though not quite what Long Blockchain, nee Long Island Iced Tea, experienced last month) after it announced a move into digital currencies. Its stock went as high as 0.2 cent. (Bloomberg)• Speaking of Long Blockchain, the company has added two new board members as part of its pivot from cold beverages to cryptocurrency. (WSJ)• Criminals are turning to a new breed of virtual currency, because Bitcoin’s underlying technology can work against them. (Bloomberg)It isn’t just the fact that Mitt Romney, a sometimes vociferous critic of the president, is expected to run for Mr. Hatch’s Senate seat. It’s that another Republican lawmaker who has been relatively friendly to Mr. Trump is stepping down before the 2018 midterm elections — which could whittle down the G.O.P.’s control of Congress.More from Jonathan Martin of the NYT:He’s running, probably: While Mr. Romney didn’t issue a statement on his potential candidacy, he did change his location on Twitter from “Massachusetts” to “Holladay, Utah.”Also worth notingThe Washington flyaround• Republican and Democratic lawmakers will meet today with White House officials to try and reach a spending deal before Jan. 19 — or face a government shutdown. (NYT)• The founders of the research firm Fusion GPS, which has been at the heart of the investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 elections, criticized Republican attacks on those inquiries in an NYT Op-Ed. (NYT)• American Airlines and Southwest Airlines joined the tide of companies offering employees $1,000 bonuses. (Bloomberg)• BP said it would take a roughly $1.5 billion accounting charge for its latest quarter because of the tax overhaul. (WSJ)• Jack Lew, the former Treasury secretary, described the tax overhaul as a “ticking time bomb” and asserted that it could leave the U.S. broke. (Bloomberg)• Michele Bachmann, the former Minnesota congresswoman and 2012 Republican presidential candidate, said she was considering running for Al Franken’s Senate seat. (Axios)• Vice Media placed its president, Andrew Creighton, and its chief digital officer, Mike Germano, on leave after the NYT reported on sexual harassment allegations against them. (NYT)• The Showtime political documentary series “The Circus” will return in April without its most recognizable star, Mark Halperin, whose career was felled by allegations of sexual harassment and assault. He will be replaced by the CBS News anchor Alex Wagner and the political analyst Mark McKinnon. (NYT)• Pete Wells asks who can clean up the restaurant industry and wonders when prominent restaurant figures will admit that the way the industry treats women has damaged careers and lives. (NYT)Oil is at its highest level since 2015, edging up this morning toward $67 a barrel. Geopolitical risks, like protests in Iran, have prompted buying, while production curbs by OPEC members have tightened supply.That rise is expected to continue.More from David Sheppard of the FT:Blackstone’s Byron Wien reckons that “populism, tribalism and anarchy” could push oil above $80 a barrel this year.The hedge fund’s latest victory: Alexion Pharmaceuticals said that it would work with the activist investor on finding a new director for its board.From a statement by David Brennan, Alexion’s chairman:The context: Michael broke the news last month that Elliott had built up a stake in the drug maker and was weighing a proxy fight if the company didn’t change elements of its business strategy.The broader landscape: For companies under pressure from activists, resistance requires deft maneuvering, according to Breakingviews. Procter & Gamble’s expensive, hard-line defense against Nelson Peltz failed, but both G.M. and Automatic Data Processing have shown that fending off hedge funds is possible.— Bloomberg, describing how SoftBank’s relatively modest market value reflects continued skepticism of Masayoshi Son.• Amazon could buy Target this year, the tech analyst Gene Munster predicted. (Loup Ventures)• Wixen Music Publishing, which manages songs by Tom Petty and Stevie Nicks, is suing Spotify for $1.6 billion, saying the streaming service used thousands of songs without a proper license. (Variety)• A young man with life-threatening cancer was granted a wish to go anywhere or meet anyone. He chose to meet JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon. (Business Insider)• Big deals are poised to return in 2018, but they may not fit so neatly into industry or sector categories. (Bloomberg)• In the final weeks of 2017, business loan growth fell to its lowest levels since the aftermath of the financial crisis, a change that could weigh on bank earnings this month. (WSJ)• Snapchat’s New Year’s Eve party was meant to be an “offline” experience, so the company blocked snaps coming from the venue. Employees took to Instagram instead. (The Daily Beast)• Airbnb defeated a lawsuit brought by Apartment Investment & Management, which accused the home-renting marketplace of enabling tenants to break their lease agreements through unauthorized sublets. (Bloomberg)• Lyft has teamed up with the self-driving software company Apriv and will be showing off a fully-automated ride-hailing service at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this month. (Bloomberg)• Michael Gelband, the former head of credit at Millennium Management, plans to start his own hedge fund in the next six months, after resolving a hiring dispute with Millennium’s founder, Izzy Englander. (Bloomberg)• China is suspending the production of more than 500 car models that do not meet its fuel economy standards as part of efforts to reduce emissions in the world’s largest auto market. (NYT)• The practice of putting nursing homes and related businesses in separate limited liability corporations and partnerships has gained popularity as the industry has consolidated, making it harder to hold owners personally responsible if something goes wrong. (NYT)• The pharmaceutical industry may be under attack over drug prices, but the problem has splintered and made it difficult to identify who is responsible. Meanwhile, Scott Gottlieb, the F.D.A. commissioner, has been following through on the president’s fiery rhetoric about rising drug prices. (WaPo, Bloomberg)We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Twenty cities made it to the next round in Amazon’s search for its second headquarters.• Morgan Stanley reported $686 million in fourth-quarter profit, while fixed-income trading revenue fell 46 percent.• What to think of Apple’s big cash repatriation.• How Goldman Sachs stumbled.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.In fact, 20 cities — out of 238 applicants — have made it into the next round to host Amazon’s second headquarters.From Amazon’s news release:Notably not on the list: Detroit, which has become a poster child for reviving American industrial cities and which promised a lot to win over Amazon.More from Nick Wingfield of the NYT:Other observations• Three locations — Washington, Montgomery County, Md. and Northern Virginia — are all part of the Washington DC corridor, where Jeff Bezos has been spending more time lately.• The smallest city is Newark, N.J., whose estimated 2016 population in 2016 was 281,764.• This:• Also, this:— Michael J. de la MercedAs it repatriates most of its $252 billion cash hoard from foreign subsidiaries, Apple has become a triumphant example for Republicans of what the new tax law can do.President Trump’s reaction:Perhaps more important than the one-time $38 billion that Apple will pay in tax is what said it would do with the rest of the money: 20,000 jobs and a new domestic campus, among other initiatives.Tim Cook said in a statement:The big question: How much of an economic effect will this have? The company says more than $350 billion over the next five years, but how much of that goes beyond what it would have spent anyway is unclear. (For starters, its new campus won’t be as ambitious as Amazon’s planned HQ2.)The tax flyaround• Verizon will save nearly $17 billion because of the new tax code’s effect on its deferred tax liabilities. (WSJ)• What corporate America says will come of the tax overhaul: more annual savings, bigger pension contributions and larger stock buybacks. (WSJ)Mick Mulvaney, the acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, is continuing his efforts to rein in the agency.His latest tactic: starve it of cash, reports the NYT’s Stacey Cowley.Here’s what he did:• The consumer bureau is funded directly by the Federal Reserve. Each quarter the watchdog requests money for its operations from the central bank.• On Wednesday, Mr. Mulvaney requested $0 for the current quarter.• Mr. Mulvaney said the bureau is sitting on a $177.1 million reserve fund. He plans to use that to cover the bureau’s projected quarterly expenses of $145 million.While the move is largely symbolic, it follows other recent moves by Mr. Mulvaney that spotlight the Trump administration’s desire to shift the consumer bureau’s trajectory.Ignore all the one-time charges related to the new tax law that banks announced this week, the industry, long-term, should be among the biggest winners.But how much of the windfall will end in the pockets of employees and customers?Since the tax overhaul became law last month, banks have rushed to shower employees with bonuses and raises.Yet despite this largess, “the industry stands to retain more than 75 percents of the savings” from the tax law, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. In fact, the total cost of the wage increases and bonuses “will amount to just 1.75 percent of the banking industry’s noninterest expenses in 2018.”Morgan Stanley reported a profit of $686 million, including a one-time charge on $990 million related to the new tax law.The Numbers• 84 cents. Morgan Stanley’s earnings per share excluding the tax charge. Wall Street expected the firm to report earnings of 77 cents a share.• $9.5 billion. The bank’s fourth-quarter revenue, up 5.3 percent from a year ago.• $37.9 billion. Morgan Stanley’s full-year revenue, up 10 percent from 2016. By comparison, the firm’s five rivals reported revenue rose 2 percent and 5 percent, the WSJ pointed out.• $808 million. The firm’s revenue from fixed-income trading, down 45 percent from a year ago. It marked the first time in two years revenue in the division failed to reach $1 billion. Still, the decline was not as severe as Goldman’s. Morgan Stanley’s longtime rival reported a 50 percent drop in fixed-income trading revenue.• $1.92 billion. Morgan Stanley’s fourth-quarter equity trading revenue, off 2 percent from a year ago.• $522 million. The bank’s fourth-quarter advisory revenue, down 6 percent “on lower levels of completed M&A activity.” Goldman reported 9 percent decline in advisory revenue.Shares of Morgan Stanley gained 1.5 percent in early trading and are up 29 percent over the past year.Yes, stock’s are down a bit Thursday, but that doesn’t obscure the fact that major equity indexes are off to their best start in years.Wednesday, shares of the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 26,000, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished above 2,800, and the Nasdaq Composite surpassed its inflation-adjusted peak from the dot-com boom.Investors have piled into stocks to start 2018. It took the Dow industrials just eight trading sessions to go from 25,000 to 26,000, the fastest move between millennial markers on record.So far this month, the S. & P. 500 has risen about 4.8 percent this month. To put that into context, the last time the index climbed 5 percent in January was 2013 and the last 6 percent gain for the month was in 1997. In both years, equities went on the finish the year up more than 30 percent, according to Instinet’s Frank Cappelleri.So what could derail the stock market’s rally? A government shutdown? Escalating tensions with North Korea? Right now neither is weighing on stocks very much.In fact, MoneyBeat’s Ben Eisen points out that downward pressure, by one measure, is at its lowest level in 50 years.Most of its businesses did well in the fourth quarter. Then there was fixed-income trading.Though Goldman’s $1.9 billion loss for the fourth quarter was because of a $4.4 billion charge related to the new tax law, the big number was 50 percent. That was how much its so-called FICC (fixed-income, currency and commodities) trading revenue had fallen.Put another way: Goldman’s FICC revenue for the quarter was $1 billion — the amount the division brought in nearly every two weeks at its peak.Critics’ corner• Lex suggests that Goldman now “wants to execute more perfunctory corporate transactions of a kind traditionally handled by Bank of America and its ilk.” (FT)• Aaron Back writes of a dip in Goldman’s share price, “Any near-term weakness could prove to be a buying opportunity.” (Heard on the Street)On David Solomon’s wine collectionYou may already know Goldman’s co-president as a top-flight investment banker with a taste for fine food. (And almost definitely as DJ D-Sol.) But he’s also allegedly the victim of wine theft by his former assistant, Nicolas De-Meyer, who was arrested this week.Worth noting:• Among the stolen wines were seven bottles of Domaine de la Romanée-Conti, a Burgundy known as “liquid velvet,” that had cost him $133,650.• Overall, the value of the stolen bottles was over $1.2 million.• The wine storage area in Mr. Solomon’s Manhattan home can hold 1,000 bottles.What’s next: House Republicans plan to introduce a short-term funding bill today or tomorrow to keep the government operating for a month. But it’s unclear whether Democrats would back it without a deal on immigration, or if House Republicans have the votes to pass it on their own.How close lawmakers are to an immigration compromise: Not very.Here’s Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, quoted in the WSJ about the current state of affairs:More on immigration: John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, told Democratic lawmakers that some of Mr. Trump’s immigration policies — including the border wall — were “uninformed,” according to the WaPo. Mr. Kelly also reiterated that the president supported permanent legal protection for the young immigrants known as Dreamers.The Washington flyaround• Steve Bannon will be interviewed by Robert Mueller’s investigators instead of testifying before a grand jury, according to an unidentified person, signaling that he’s cooperating. (NYT)• A White House lawyer had asked Mr. Bannon to assert executive privilege before the House Intelligence Committee. Mr. Bannon slipped up. (Bloomberg, Axios)• Two news stories this week offered more details about a purported relationship between Mr. Trump and a porn star professionally known as Stormy Daniels. (NYT)The Dow Jones industrial average is on a sprint again, closing yesterday above 26,000 for the first time. Naturally, some people are starting to worry.From Corrie Driebusch, Michael Wursthorn and Chris Dieterich of the WSJ:Pimco is in the same boat:This post on what may be next for Alwaleed bin Talal by Jeffrey Towson, a professor at Peking University and a former employee of the prince’s Kingdom Holding, has started to circulate around the financial world. (A reminder: Mr. bin Talal has been caught up in Mohammed bin Salman’s anti-corruption purge.)Among Mr. Towson’s forecasts:• Mr. bin Talal would be prepared to stay imprisoned for a long time.• He would not sign any plea deal that implies serious wrongdoing, like corruption.Harder to predict: What will happen to Kingdom Holding, which owns stakes in Citigroup, Lyft and Twitter.• Mike Moritz of Sequoia Capital told Silicon Valley start-ups to be more like Chinese companies, where longer work hours and a disregard for physical fitness is the norm and where discussions about “life’s inequities” are seen as distractions. (FT)• Facebook said it would reopen and broaden an investigation into whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 Brexit vote. (NYT)• Microsoft said that A.I. would require new laws and regulations. (Bloomberg)• Google has created an A.I. system for creating A.I. applications. (NYT)• Apple should try to reduce customers’ iPhone addiction, Farhad Manjoo argues in his latest column. (NYT)• See which pieces of art the WSJ’s portraits of Warren Buffett, Sheryl Sandberg and more look like, according to Google’s hit Arts & Culture smartphone app. (Pieter Anthony Wakkerdak’s “Portret van Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer” and BToy’s “LizTaylor,” for the record.) (WSJ)Earlier this week, the virtual currency dropped below $10,000. Now, it’s above $11,000.It’s been a wild/scary ride in particular for newcomers who were late to the Bitcoin game. This is from a Reddit user who persuaded family members to buy cryptocurrency late last year:The context: Bitcoin’s run has dwarfed the Nasdaq run of the dot-com boom and, potentially, Dutch tulip-mania, according to Bloomberg.More in virtual currency news: Ledger, a specialist in blockchain security technology, has raised $75 million in a fund-raising round led by Draper Esprit.William Bain Jr., the management consulting mogul who helped turn Mitt Romney into a private equity power, died on Tuesday. He was 80.The native Tennessean went from Vanderbilt’s alumni office to Boston Consulting Group to founding Bain & Company. Several years later, he capitalized on his firm’s relationships and expertise to found Bain Capital, where he installed Mr. Romney as C.E.O.Here’s Mr. Romney on Mr. Bain, via the Boston Globe:We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• How Apple plans to capitalize on the new tax plan• Could antitrust law fell the tech giants?•Bank of America reported $2.4 billion in fourth-quarter profit, as well as a $2.9 billion charge tied to the new tax law. • Goldman Sachs reported a $1.9 billion loss, and a $4.4 billion tax charge. Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Write the NYT’s Brian X. Chen and Daisuke Wakabayashi:The iPhone maker said it plans to make a $350 billion contribution to the American economy over the next five years. Some of its new investments will come from bringing back the vast majority of the $252 billion in cash that it has long held abroad.Under the new tax law, foreign earnings sitting offshore would be considered to be automatically repatriated and taxed at reduced rates.The tech giant said it will pay $38 billion in taxes to repatriate its overseas cash because of the new law.Here’s what Apple plans to do:• Invest about $30 billion in capital expenditures in the United States over the next five years. • Create more than 20,000 new jobs in the United States, a 24 percent increase from the roughly 84,000 employees in the country currently.• Issue stock-based bonuses worth $2,500 to employees, according to Bloomberg.That’s the provocative question posed by Greg Ip of the WSJ. And it reflects governments’ growing wariness toward the tech industry.Google, Amazon and Facebook aren’t like the Standard Oil or AT&T of old, gouging consumers on price. (Indeed, many of their services are free.) But if the question is “Are consumers better off?” then could there be an opening for regulatory action?More from Mr. Ip:Where tech has support: In its efforts to keep net neutrality regulations, with a lawsuit against the F.C.C. by 22 state attorneys general and a bill by Senate Democrats to undo the repeal using the Congressional Review Act.Goldman once seemed invincible. Its trading business was a profit machine.This morning it posted a quarterly loss in part because of the poor performance in its trading unit.The numbers:• $1.9 billion. Goldman’s fourth-quarter loss.• $4.4 billion. The charge Goldman took related to the new tax law, which wiped out nearly half of Goldman's earnings for the year, according to the WSJ.• $5.68. The Wall Street firm’s profit per share excluding the tax-related charge, beating the consensus estimate of $4.90 from Wall Street analysts.•$7.8 billion. Goldman’s revenue for the quarter, down 4 percent. Goldman is the only big bank to report a decline in revenue so far.• $2.37 billion. Goldman’s trading revenue for the fourth quarter, down 34 percent from a year ago. That was the steepest decline of any of banks reporting so far. Citigroup, JPMorgan and Bank of America have reported declines in trading revenue of 19 percent, 17 percent and 9 percent.• $1 billion. Goldman’s revenue from buying and selling bonds, commodities and currencies, half of what it generated a year ago. To put that in perspective: Goldman’s fixed-income division at its peak churned out nearly a billion dollars every two weeks.Federal prosecutors in Manhattan unsealed an indictment charging Nicolas De-Meyer, 40, with stealing $1.2 million worth of rare wine from a former employer. The former employer in question was Mr. Solomon, who employed Mr. De-Meyer as a personal assistant, according to two sources familiar with the matter.According to the indictment, the wine was stolen from around October 2014 to around October 2016, when Mr. De-Meyer had been asked to transport it from his former employer’s Manhattan apartment to his wine cellar in East Hampton, N.Y.Mr. De-Meyer was arrested in Los Angeles on Tuesday, according to a spokesman for the Los Angeles federal prosecutor’s office. He could not immediately be reached for comment.“The theft was discovered in the fall of 2016 and reported to law enforcement at that time,” a Goldman spokesman said.Bank of America reported $2.4 billion in fourth-quarter profit, after taking a $2.9 billion charge tied to the new tax law.The numbers:• $5.3 billion, or 47 cents a share. BofA’s profit in the fourth quarter excluding the tax-related charge. Analysts had expected the bank to report earnings of 44 cents per share.• $21.1 billion. BofA’s earnings for 2017, excluding the tax-related charge. That matches its biggest annual profit since 2006.•$20.4 billion. The bank’s revenue for the fourth quarter, up from $19.99 billion a year ago.•$2.66 billion. BofA’s fourth-quarter trading revenue, down about 9 percent from a year ago.• $11.46 billion. The bank’s net-interest income, up 11 percent.Let’s recount the hits that U.S. banks took from the tax overhaul:• Citigroup: $22 billion• JPMorgan Chase: $2.4 billion• Goldman Sachs: $4.4 billionWe’ll ignore Wells Fargo for now (it gained). The bigger point is that, thanks to lower corporate rates and preferential treatment for pass-through entities, financial institutions are some of the new code’s biggest winners.More from Jim Tankersley of the NYT:The conglomerate itself isn’t planning on going that far just yet.Here’s John Flannery, its chief, on a conference call yesterday:The contextMr. Flannery didn’t say anything out of line with his past remarks. It’s just that he said it as G.E. announced an unrelated $6.2 billion charge connected to its legacy insurance portfolio.Other conglomerates, from Honeywell to United Technologies to Tyco, have explored restructuring to varying degrees, as Wall Street analysts question the viability of the model.G.E. and its advisers are still thinking about how to reshape the 125-year-old group, whose complexity may mask yet more problems. The company promises an update in spring, and is unlikely to announce something that only fiddles around the edges. But don’t expect plans for it to become three or four fully separate companies.Critics demand more boldness• Lex writes, “Once a paragon of management acumen, it is now a rolling train wreck of unexpected and expensive blunders.” (FT)• Brook Sutherland writes, “The reasons for keeping G.E. together — shared resources and technology — look increasingly tenuous.” (Gadfly)• Justin Lahart and Spencer Jakab write, “The problem is that G.E.’s parts might be worth a lot less than even the company’s sharply diminished value today.” (Heard on the Street)The deadline: 12:01 a.m. Eastern on SaturdayThe issues• Immigration, of course: President Trump still insists on funding for a border wall and Democrats are fuming over his comments on African countries.• Republicans are weighing whether to use funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program as a carrot — or stick — for Democrats to join a stopgap funding measure.The state of playRed-state Democrats are uneasy about allowing a shutdown in an election year. Some Republicans are irked by a stream of temporary funding resolutions, rather than a full agreement that would permit more military spending.House Speaker Paul Ryan’s proposal for a continuing resolution — which includes delays to several health care taxes in addition to CHIP funding — has support among many, but not all, Republicans. It has little among House Democrats.The politics flyaround• Steve Bannon has been subpoenaed by both Robert Mueller and the House Intelligence Committee. (NYT)• The C.F.P.B. will reconsider rules on high-interest payday loans, in a potential win for the industry. (WSJ)• N.Y. Governor Andrew Cuomo unveiled a state budget meant to counter the tax-code changes that hurt high-tax states: “Washington hit a button and launched an economic missile and it says ‘New York’ on it, and it’s headed our way.” (NYT)• Support for the new tax code has grown, according to a SurveyMonkey poll. (NYT)• G.M.’s chief, Mary Barra, urged Mr. Trump to be cautious about withdrawing from Nafta. (NYT)• How Michael Wolff got into the White House. (Bloomberg)The biggest thing about virtual currencies isn’t how much their prices rise (or fall). It’s the technology that makes them work, argues Steven Johnson in the NYT Magazine.More from Mr. Johnson:We’ll count him as a skeptic: Dick Kovacevich, the former Wells Fargo C.E.O., told CNBC that he thinks Bitcoin is “a pyramid scheme” that “makes no sense.”Beware cryptoheists: North Korea looks to be using the same malware found in the Sony Pictures hack and the Wannacry assault against digital currency investors.Virtual currency quote of the day, from Bloomberg:Issue one: Some potential buyers may want to pick up the troubled studio through the bankruptcy process, to cleanse it of legal liabilities.Issue two: Advocates for women who have brought allegations against Harvey Weinstein worry that could deny them justice.More from Jonathan Randles and Peg Brickley of the WSJ:But it’s complicated. A bankruptcy filing could provide legal structures for Mr. Weinstein’s accusers, like a judge’s supervision of sales and settlements.A suitor from the past: Among the bidders is the previous studio founded by the Weinstein brothers, Miramax, according to Bloomberg.What about RICO? DealBook’s White Collar Watch takes a look at using the racketeering law against Mr. Weinstein and his company:• Nestlé finally struck a deal to sell its U.S. confectionary business, with Ferrero paying $2.8 billion. Gadfly asks if Hershey should jump on the deal bandwagon. (NYT, Gadfly)• Qualcomm had a busy deal day yesterday. It made its case against Broadcom’s $105 billion hostile bid, as its own $38.5 billion offer for NXP Semiconductor was rejected by the money manager Ramius. (Qualcomm, Ramius)• Silver Lake put up a hefty $1.7 billion equity check as part of its $3.5 billion bid for Blackhawk Network. (NYT)• Celgene is in talks to buy Juno Therapeutics, maker of a cancer treatment, according to unidentified people. (WSJ)• Bill Miller, the value investor who beat the S. & P. 500 15 years running (and whose faith in banks was mocked in the movie “The Big Short”), has donated $75 million to the philosophy department of Johns Hopkins University. (NYT)• YouTube said it had altered the threshold at which videos could accept advertisements and pledged more oversight of top-tier videos. It’s said similar things before. (NYT)• Amazon has advertised for an expert in health privacy regulations, suggesting it plans to work with outside partners that manage personal health information. (CNBC)• A federal judge indicated he would approve a $290 million settlement by Pershing Square Capital Management and Valeant Pharmaceuticals with Allergan shareholders who accused them of profiting improperly from a failed takeover bid. (WSJ)• Informa, which owns the shipping journal Lloyd’s List, is in talks to buy the exhibitions and events company UBM, creating a company worth more than 9 billion pounds, or about $12.4 billion. (FT)• The National Retail Federation’s annual trade show is starting to look more like CES. (NYT)• Joseph A. Rice, who fought a hostile takeover of the Irving Bank Corporation as its chairman and chief executive in the 1980s, died on Jan. 8 at 93. (NYT)• Greenlight Capital’s David Einhorn is betting on Twitter, saying revenue should grow after user-experience improvements. (Bloomberg)• Melrose Industries, which specializes in turning around manufacturers, has made a hostile public bid worth about $10 billion for GKN, a British maker of aerospace and automotive parts that could face trading issues as Brexit looms. (Bloomberg)Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Why Walmart is raising its hourly wage.• South Korea spooks the market for digital money.• Bond market investors feel some fear, but will stock market bulls?• And what will happen next with the Trump administration’s plans to reopen offshore drilling?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.What the retail giant is doing:• Raising the starting wage for all hourly workers to $11 an hour, starting next month and costing an extra $300 million• Expanding maternity leave to 10 weeks and paid parental leave to six weeks• Adding a new benefit for adoption expenses of $5,000 per child• Giving out bonuses of up to $1,000 for eligible workers, determined by tenure, up to a total of $400 millionWho benefits: Walmart said in its most recent annual report that it had nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. That’s much bigger than any other company that has announced tax-related worker benefits to date. (AT&T, for instance, has roughly 200,000 employees who will likely benefit from that company’s $1,000-per-worker bonus.)From C.E.O. Doug McMillon:Who benefits: Walmart said in its most recent annual report that it had nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. That’s much bigger than any other company that has announced tax-related worker benefits to date. (AT&T, for instance, has roughly 200,000 employees who will likely benefit from that company’s $1,000-per-worker bonus.)What else is behind the move? The retailer’s efforts to keep workers amid a tightening labor market, which has led companies to fight to keep workers. (The current unemployment rate is at just 4.7 percent.)More from Matthew Boyle of Bloomberg:Critics’ corner— Michael J. de la MercedDropbox has filed confidentially with the Securities and Exchange Commission to go public, Bloomberg reports.The closely-held file-sharing company with a valuation of $10 billion is among a group of high-profile tech start-ups that investors have been waiting for to go public. The offering would follow the disappointing debut of another of those companies, Snap, in March. Shares of Snap are down 15 percent from their initial public offering price.Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan will be the lead underwriters on the I.P.O.Dropbox had annualized sales of more than $1 billion, its chief executive, Drew Houston, told Bloomberg in January last year.Bloomberg reports: “A timing quirk in the tax overhaul that President Donald Trump signed last month may be good news for companies such as Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc., all of which began their fiscal years before Jan. 1.”The provision at issue, “in effect, gives a company until the end of its fiscal year to measure what’s cash and what isn’t for tax purposes,”That means companies, which began their fiscal years before Jan. 1, have more time “to reduce foreign cash they’ll accumulate this year.”Apple, for one, “may be able to lop more than $4 billion off a future tax bill,” according to Stephen Shay, a tax and business law professor at Harvard Law School, who wrote the “potential loophole” last month.Shares in the money-transfer services provider were up as much as 8 percent this morning after the company said that it was testing the use of Ripple’s XRP.It’s not quite the same as becoming Long Blockchain, but it still reflects the enthusiasm among investors that arises when a company associates itself with the virtual currency industry.From Moneygram’s C.E.O., Alex Holmes:— Michael J. de la MercedHere’s what the veteran Wall Street consigliere told Bloomberg:— Michael J. de la MercedAs of this morning, Bitcoin was down 4.5 percent, Ethereum was down 9 percent and Ripple was down 13 percent, according to CoinMarketCap.Thank the South Korean government, which may  ban virtual currency trading in what has been the third-largest market.Behind the potential moveOfficials have been concerned about tax evasion and rampant speculation.More from Song Jung-a and Bryan Harris of the FT:A spokesman for President Moon Jae-in played down the comments, saying nothing was finalized. But investors remained spooked.Bitcoin fever shows no other signs of stopping, however. Binance.com, a big virtual currency exchange, said that it had signed up 240,000 users in an hour yesterday. And strategists at Goldman Sachs wrote that virtual currencies may work as real money someday, particularly in developing countries.The virtual currency flyaround• Matt Levine writes that a pump-and-dump mentality that has taken hold of some Bitcoin trading. (Bloomberg View)• The answer to Bitcoin’s energy-use problem could be a 23-million-digit prime number. (Bloomberg)• The North American Bitcoin Conference no longer takes Bitcoin for ticket payments. (CNBC)The S. & P. 500 closed down slightly yesterday at 2,748.23. The Dow did the same, at 25,369.13. As Barron’s writes, “Stocks slid on Wednesday, because sometimes they do that.”But is there cause for fear? Bond investors appear to think so.What happened: The yield for 10-year Treasuries hit a nine-month intraday high of almost 2.6 percent yesterday.Why? • Central banks’ continuing withdrawal from crisis-era bond purchases• Investor worry that inflation will edge up• That Bloomberg report about China hesitating over Treasury purchases (although a Chinese government agency has cast doubt on it)The even bigger worryThat China will use its central bank to throw a brushback pitch at the U.S. Here’s what Brad Setser of the Council on Foreign Relations told the NYT:Analysts at the Eurasia Group found that scenario unlikely in a recent note.Critics’ corner• Bill Gross declared that we’re now in a bond bear market. (Bloomberg)• Richard Barley asks, “Is the great bond blowout finally happening?” (WSJ)Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has already removed Florida from his department’s plan to reopen oil drilling off U.S. coastlines — which pleased the state’s governor, Rick Scott, but angered nearly everyone else.Here’s who else wants out:• South Carolina, New Jersey and Maryland, all led by Republicans• New York, North Carolina, Delaware and California, all led by DemocratsMore on the stakes, from Timothy Puko of the WSJ:The environmental long read: “The Rockefellers vs. the Company that Made Them Rockefellers,” in New York magazine.• The naming of Ajit Jain and Greg Abel as vice chairmen of Berkshire Hathaway, as part of a dispersal of Warren Buffett’s responsibilities, “might sound like a fudge — but it’s also a sensible division of labor,” John Foley writes. (Breakingviews)• Tara Lachapelle appears to be in the “Greg Abel is the next Berkshire C.E.O.” camp. (Gadfly)• The Oracle of Omaha himself said that his health was fine and he was staying as C.E.O. He added of the two men: “They both have Berkshire in their blood. They love the company.” (NYT)As President Trump negotiates with lawmakers over a deal to protect the undocumented immigrants known as Dreamers, corporate leaders aren’t letting up.An open letter to Congressional leaders from 141 signatories — including Ginni Rometty of IBM, Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, Dara Khosrowshahi of Uber and Steve Schwarzman of Blackstone — demanded a “permanent bipartisan solution.”More from the letter:A roadblock: Several House Republicans have put forth an immigration proposal that clashes with Mr. Trump’s parameters for a bipartisan deal. One of them, Representative Raúl Labrador of Idaho, warned, “This is the only bill that’s going to unify the conference, and it’s going to get us to a majority of the conference.”The Washington flyaround• Mr. Trump declined to commit to being interviewed by Robert Mueller, backing away from a statement last year. And Mr. Mueller has hired Ryan Dickey, a veteran cybercrimes prosecutor. (NYT)• Mr. Trump’s companies sold more than $35 million worth of real estate last year, 70 percent of it to shell companies that obscured the buyers’ identities. (USA Today)• During a meeting about immigration, Mr. Trump suggested bringing back earmarks, the practice of stuffing funding for pet projects into legislation. (NYT)• Lawmakers in at least six states have introduced bills to forbid internet providers from blocking or slowing down sites or online services, a response to the F.C.C.’s repeal of net neutrality rules. (NYT)• The Trump administration plans to unveil a revision to banking rules that mandate lending to poor borrowers. (WSJ)The showstopper at the American Economic Association’s conference was a panel stocked with women, presenting research that showed the systemic forces arrayed against them in the field — and prompting pledges from leaders to do better.More from Jim Tankersley and Noam Scheiber of the NYT:Over in Hollywood: Controversy has erupted over reshoots of the movie “All the Money in the World,” for which Michelle Williams was paid scale and Mark Wahlberg an additional $1.2 million.The misconduct flyaround• The creator of the anonymous “Shitty Media Men” spreadsheet revealed herself amid controversy over whether Harper’s Magazine would do so. (NYT)• James Rosen, a former correspondent for Fox News, and Joel Achenbach, a reporter at the WaPo, face allegations of workplace misconduct. (NPR, WaPo)Meet Guo Wengui, who’s living in exile in a penthouse in Central Park after lobbing hard-to-verify accusations at China’s elite.Here’s what he said of the anti-corruption czar Wang Qishan, according to Lauren Hilgers of the NYT Magazine:• Lazard has hired Andrea Bozzi, most recently the co-head of French investment banking at Credit Suisse, as a managing director in Paris, Reuters reports.• HSBC has hired Michael Parry, Liu Kang and Jimmy He for its Asia-Pacific equities team, Bloomberg reports.• Uber had a system called Ripley to remotely shut down computers and lock up data when police raided its overseas offices, according to three people with knowledge of the system. (Bloomberg)• Ferrero of Italy is close to formalizing a $2.8 billion deal for Nestlé’s U.S. candy business. (FT)• Blackstone agreed to pay about $1.1 billion for a luxury resort on the Hawaiian island of Maui, according to a person with knowledge of the deal. (Bloomberg)• Google bought Redux, a British start-up whose technology lets phone displays double as speakers. (Bloomberg)• Bain Capital, Blackstone Group and Silver Lake have expressed interest in Li Tong Group, an iPhone recycling business that could be worth as much as $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. (Bloomberg)• SS & C Technology Holdings, which provides tech infrastructure for finance, is in advanced talks to buy DST Systems, a rival also active in the health care market, for more than $5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. (Reuters)• Intel released test results showing that its chip security fixes would slow personal computers by no more than 10 percent. Initial reports suggested a larger impact. (Bloomberg)• The Federal Reserve’s economic stimulus campaign turned a big profit again in 2017, but the windfall is showing signs of slowing. (NYT)• Chinese-born, U.S.-trained tech talent is increasingly returning to China, drawn by plentiful venture capital and government incentives for research. (Bloomberg)• How (and why) the former Disney chairman Michael Eisner won over the fan-owners of a fourth-tier English soccer club. (NYT)• Private debt collectors brought the Internal Revenue Service $6.7 million in the last fiscal year — at a cost of $20 million. (NYT)• Canada has filed a sweeping World Trade Organization case against U.S. tariffs. (NYT)• Advisers at some of the biggest discount brokerage firms make more money if they steer clients toward more expensive products, according to disclosures from the firms and former employees. (WSJ)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.The sequence of words is meaningless: a random array strung together by an algorithm let loose in an English dictionary. What makes them valuable is that they’ve been generated exclusively for me, by a software tool called MetaMask. In the lingo of cryptography, they’re known as my seed phrase. They might read like an incoherent stream of consciousness, but these words can be transformed into a key that unlocks a digital bank account, or even an online identity. It just takes a few more steps.On the screen, I’m instructed to keep my seed phrase secure: Write it down, or keep it in a secure place on your computer. I scribble the 12 words onto a notepad, click a button and my seed phrase is transformed into a string of 64 seemingly patternless characters:This is what’s called a “private key” in the world of cryptography: a way of proving identity, in the same, limited way that real-world keys attest to your identity when you unlock your front door. My seed phrase will generate that exact sequence of characters every time, but there’s no known way to reverse-engineer the original phrase from the key, which is why it is so important to keep the seed phrase in a safe location.That private key number is then run through two additional transformations, creating a new string:That string is my address on the Ethereum blockchain.Ethereum belongs to the same family as the cryptocurrency Bitcoin, whose value has increased more than 1,000 percent in just the past year. Ethereum has its own currencies, most notably Ether, but the platform has a wider scope than just money. You can think of my Ethereum address as having elements of a bank account, an email address and a Social Security number. For now, it exists only on my computer as an inert string of nonsense, but the second I try to perform any kind of transaction — say, contributing to a crowdfunding campaign or voting in an online referendum — that address is broadcast out to an improvised worldwide network of computers that tries to verify the transaction. The results of that verification are then broadcast to the wider network again, where more machines enter into a kind of competition to perform complex mathematical calculations, the winner of which gets to record that transaction in the single, canonical record of every transaction ever made in the history of Ethereum. Because those transactions are registered in a sequence of “blocks” of data, that record is called the blockchain.The whole exchange takes no more than a few minutes to complete. From my perspective, the experience barely differs from the usual routines of online life. But on a technical level, something miraculous is happening — something that would have been unimaginable just a decade ago. I’ve managed to complete a secure transaction without any of the traditional institutions that we rely on to establish trust. No intermediary brokered the deal; no social-media network captured the data from my transaction to better target its advertising; no credit bureau tracked the activity to build a portrait of my financial trustworthiness.And the platform that makes all this possible? No one owns it. There are no venture investors backing Ethereum Inc., because there is no Ethereum Inc. As an organizational form, Ethereum is far closer to a democracy than a private corporation. No imperial chief executive calls the shots. You earn the privilege of helping to steer Ethereum’s ship of state by joining the community and doing the work. Like Bitcoin and most other blockchain platforms, Ethereum is more a swarm than a formal entity. Its borders are porous; its hierarchy is deliberately flattened.Oh, one other thing: Some members of that swarm have already accumulated a paper net worth in the billions from their labors, as the value of one “coin” of Ether rose from $8 on Jan. 1, 2017, to $843 exactly one year later.You may be inclined to dismiss these transformations. After all, Bitcoin and Ether’s runaway valuation looks like a case study in irrational exuberance. And why should you care about an arcane technical breakthrough that right now doesn’t feel all that different from signing in to a website to make a credit card payment?But that dismissal would be shortsighted. If there’s one thing we’ve learned from the recent history of the internet, it’s that seemingly esoteric decisions about software architecture can unleash profound global forces once the technology moves into wider circulation. If the email standards adopted in the 1970s had included public-private key cryptography as a default setting, we might have avoided the cataclysmic email hacks that have afflicted everyone from Sony to John Podesta, and millions of ordinary consumers might be spared routinized identity theft. If Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web, had included a protocol for mapping our social identity in his original specs, we might not have Facebook.The true believers behind blockchain platforms like Ethereum argue that a network of distributed trust is one of those advances in software architecture that will prove, in the long run, to have historic significance. That promise has helped fuel the huge jump in cryptocurrency valuations. But in a way, the Bitcoin bubble may ultimately turn out to be a distraction from the true significance of the blockchain. The real promise of these new technologies, many of their evangelists believe, lies not in displacing our currencies but in replacing much of what we now think of as the internet, while at the same time returning the online world to a more decentralized and egalitarian system. If you believe the evangelists, the blockchain is the future. But it is also a way of getting back to the internet’s roots.Once the inspiration for utopian dreams of infinite libraries and global connectivity, the internet has seemingly become, over the past year, a universal scapegoat: the cause of almost every social ill that confronts us. Russian trolls destroy the democratic system with fake news on Facebook; hate speech flourishes on Twitter and Reddit; the vast fortunes of the geek elite worsen income equality. For many of us who participated in the early days of the web, the last few years have felt almost postlapsarian. The web had promised a new kind of egalitarian media, populated by small magazines, bloggers and self-organizing encyclopedias; the information titans that dominated mass culture in the 20th century would give way to a more decentralized system, defined by collaborative networks, not hierarchies and broadcast channels. The wider culture would come to mirror the peer-to-peer architecture of the internet itself. The web in those days was hardly a utopia — there were financial bubbles and spammers and a thousand other problems — but beneath those flaws, we assumed, there was an underlying story of progress.Last year marked the point at which that narrative finally collapsed. The existence of internet skeptics is nothing new, of course; the difference now is that the critical voices increasingly belong to former enthusiasts. “We have to fix the internet,” Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs’s biographer, wrote in an essay published a few weeks after Donald Trump was elected president. “After 40 years, it has begun to corrode, both itself and us.” The former Google strategist James Williams told The Guardian: “The dynamics of the attention economy are structurally set up to undermine the human will.” In a blog post, Brad Burnham, a managing partner at Union Square Ventures, a top New York venture-capital firm, bemoaned the collateral damage from the quasi monopolies of the digital age: “Publishers find themselves becoming commodity content suppliers in a sea of undifferentiated content in the Facebook news feed. Websites see their fortunes upended by small changes in Google’s search algorithms. And manufacturers watch helplessly as sales dwindle when Amazon decides to source products directly in China and redirect demand to their own products.” (Full disclosure: Burnham’s firm invested in a company I started in 2006; we have had no financial relationship since it sold in 2011.) Even Berners-Lee, the inventor of the web itself, wrote a blog post voicing his concerns that the advertising-based model of social media and search engines creates a climate where “misinformation, or ‘fake news,’ which is surprising, shocking or designed to appeal to our biases, can spread like wildfire.”For most critics, the solution to these immense structural issues has been to propose either a new mindfulness about the dangers of these tools — turning off our smartphones, keeping kids off social media — or the strong arm of regulation and antitrust: making the tech giants subject to the same scrutiny as other industries that are vital to the public interest, like the railroads or telephone networks of an earlier age. Both those ideas are commendable: We probably should develop a new set of habits governing how we interact with social media, and it seems entirely sensible that companies as powerful as Google and Facebook should face the same regulatory scrutiny as, say, television networks. But those interventions are unlikely to fix the core problems that the online world confronts. After all, it was not just the antitrust division of the Department of Justice that challenged Microsoft’s monopoly power in the 1990s; it was also the emergence of new software and hardware — the web, open-source software and Apple products — that helped undermine Microsoft’s dominant position.The blockchain evangelists behind platforms like Ethereum believe that a comparable array of advances in software, cryptography and distributed systems has the ability to tackle today’s digital problems: the corrosive incentives of online advertising; the quasi monopolies of Facebook, Google and Amazon; Russian misinformation campaigns. If they succeed, their creations may challenge the hegemony of the tech giants far more effectively than any antitrust regulation. They even claim to offer an alternative to the winner-take-all model of capitalism than has driven wealth inequality to heights not seen since the age of the robber barons.That remedy is not yet visible in any product that would be intelligible to an ordinary tech consumer. The only blockchain project that has crossed over into mainstream recognition so far is Bitcoin, which is in the middle of a speculative bubble that makes the 1990s internet I.P.O. frenzy look like a neighborhood garage sale. And herein lies the cognitive dissonance that confronts anyone trying to make sense of the blockchain: the potential power of this would-be revolution is being actively undercut by the crowd it is attracting, a veritable goon squad of charlatans, false prophets and mercenaries. Not for the first time, technologists pursuing a vision of an open and decentralized network have found themselves surrounded by a wave of opportunists looking to make an overnight fortune. The question is whether, after the bubble has burst, the very real promise of the blockchain can endure.To some students of modern technological history, the internet’s fall from grace follows an inevitable historical script. As Tim Wu argued in his 2010 book, “The Master Switch,” all the major information technologies of the 20th century adhered to a similar developmental pattern, starting out as the playthings of hobbyists and researchers motivated by curiosity and community, and ending up in the hands of multinational corporations fixated on maximizing shareholder value. Wu calls this pattern the Cycle, and on the surface at least, the internet has followed the Cycle with convincing fidelity. The internet began as a hodgepodge of government-funded academic research projects and side-hustle hobbies. But 20 years after the web first crested into the popular imagination, it has produced in Google, Facebook and Amazon — and indirectly, Apple — what may well be the most powerful and valuable corporations in the history of capitalism.Blockchain advocates don’t accept the inevitability of the Cycle. The roots of the internet were in fact more radically open and decentralized than previous information technologies, they argue, and had we managed to stay true to those roots, it could have remained that way. The online world would not be dominated by a handful of information-age titans; our news platforms would be less vulnerable to manipulation and fraud; identity theft would be far less common; advertising dollars would be distributed across a wider range of media properties.To understand why, it helps to think of the internet as two fundamentally different kinds of systems stacked on top of each other, like layers in an archaeological dig. One layer is composed of the software protocols that were developed in the 1970s and 1980s and hit critical mass, at least in terms of audience, in the 1990s. (A protocol is the software version of a lingua franca, a way that multiple computers agree to communicate with one another. There are protocols that govern the flow of the internet’s raw data, and protocols for sending email messages, and protocols that define the addresses of web pages.) And then above them, a second layer of web-based services — Facebook, Google, Amazon, Twitter — that largely came to power in the following decade.The first layer — call it InternetOne — was founded on open protocols, which in turn were defined and maintained by academic researchers and international-standards bodies, owned by no one. In fact, that original openness continues to be all around us, in ways we probably don’t appreciate enough. Email is still based on the open protocols POP, SMTP and IMAP; websites are still served up using the open protocol HTTP; bits are still circulated via the original open protocols of the internet, TCP/IP. You don’t need to understand anything about how these software conventions work on a technical level to enjoy their benefits. The key characteristic they all share is that anyone can use them, free of charge. You don’t need to pay a licensing fee to some corporation that owns HTTP if you want to put up a web page; you don’t have to sell a part of your identity to advertisers if you want to send an email using SMTP. Along with Wikipedia, the open protocols of the internet constitute the most impressive example of commons-based production in human history.To see how enormous but also invisible the benefits of such protocols have been, imagine that one of those key standards had not been developed: for instance, the open standard we use for defining our geographic location, GPS. Originally developed by the United States military, the Global Positioning System was first made available for civilian use during the Reagan administration. For about a decade, it was largely used by the aviation industry, until individual consumers began to use it in car navigation systems. And now we have smartphones that can pick up a signal from GPS satellites orbiting above us, and we use that extraordinary power to do everything from locating nearby restaurants to playing Pokémon Go to coordinating disaster-relief efforts.But what if the military had kept GPS out of the public domain? Presumably, sometime in the 1990s, a market signal would have gone out to the innovators of Silicon Valley and other tech hubs, suggesting that consumers were interested in establishing their exact geographic coordinates so that those locations could be projected onto digital maps. There would have been a few years of furious competition among rival companies, who would toss their own proprietary satellites into orbit and advance their own unique protocols, but eventually the market would have settled on one dominant model, given all the efficiencies that result from a single, common way of verifying location. Call that imaginary firm GeoBook. Initially, the embrace of GeoBook would have been a leap forward for consumers and other companies trying to build location awareness into their hardware and software. But slowly, a darker narrative would have emerged: a single private corporation, tracking the movements of billions of people around the planet, building an advertising behemoth based on our shifting locations. Any start-up trying to build a geo-aware application would have been vulnerable to the whims of mighty GeoBook. Appropriately angry polemics would have been written denouncing the public menace of this Big Brother in the sky.But none of that happened, for a simple reason. Geolocation, like the location of web pages and email addresses and domain names, is a problem we solved with an open protocol. And because it’s a problem we don’t have, we rarely think about how beautifully GPS does work and how many different applications have been built on its foundation.The open, decentralized web turns out to be alive and well on the InternetOne layer. But since we settled on the World Wide Web in the mid-’90s, we’ve adopted very few new open-standard protocols. The biggest problems that technologists tackled after 1995 — many of which revolved around identity, community and payment mechanisms — were left to the private sector to solve. This is what led, in the early 2000s, to a powerful new layer of internet services, which we might call InternetTwo.For all their brilliance, the inventors of the open protocols that shaped the internet failed to include some key elements that would later prove critical to the future of online culture. Perhaps most important, they did not create a secure open standard that established human identity on the network. Units of information could be defined — pages, links, messages — but people did not have their own protocol: no way to define and share your real name, your location, your interests or (perhaps most crucial) your relationships to other people online.This turns out to have been a major oversight, because identity is the sort of problem that benefits from one universally recognized solution. It’s what Vitalik Buterin, a founder of Ethereum, describes as “base-layer” infrastructure: things like language, roads and postal services, platforms where commerce and competition are actually assisted by having an underlying layer in the public domain. Offline, we don’t have an open market for physical passports or Social Security numbers; we have a few reputable authorities — most of them backed by the power of the state — that we use to confirm to others that we are who we say we are. But online, the private sector swooped in to fill that vacuum, and because identity had that characteristic of being a universal problem, the market was heavily incentivized to settle on one common standard for defining yourself and the people you know.The self-reinforcing feedback loops that economists call “increasing returns” or “network effects” kicked in, and after a period of experimentation in which we dabbled in social-media start-ups like Myspace and Friendster, the market settled on what is essentially a proprietary standard for establishing who you are and whom you know. That standard is Facebook. With more than two billion users, Facebook is far larger than the entire internet at the peak of the dot-com bubble in the late 1990s. And that user growth has made it the world’s sixth-most-valuable corporation, just 14 years after it was founded. Facebook is the ultimate embodiment of the chasm that divides InternetOne and InternetTwo economies. No private company owned the protocols that defined email or GPS or the open web. But one single corporation owns the data that define social identity for two billion people today — and one single person, Mark Zuckerberg, holds the majority of the voting power in that corporation.If you see the rise of the centralized web as an inevitable turn of the Cycle, and the open-protocol idealism of the early web as a kind of adolescent false consciousness, then there’s less reason to fret about all the ways we’ve abandoned the vision of InternetOne. Either we’re living in a fallen state today and there’s no way to get back to Eden, or Eden itself was a kind of fantasy that was always going to be corrupted by concentrated power. In either case, there’s no point in trying to restore the architecture of InternetOne; our only hope is to use the power of the state to rein in these corporate giants, through regulation and antitrust action. It’s a variation of the old Audre Lorde maxim: “The master’s tools will never dismantle the master’s house.” You can’t fix the problems technology has created for us by throwing more technological solutions at it. You need forces outside the domain of software and servers to break up cartels with this much power.But the thing about the master’s house, in this analogy, is that it’s a duplex. The upper floor has indeed been built with tools that cannot be used to dismantle it. But the open protocols beneath them still have the potential to build something better.One of the most persuasive advocates of an open-protocol revival is Juan Benet, a Mexican-born programmer now living on a suburban side street in Palo Alto, Calif., in a three-bedroom rental that he shares with his girlfriend and another programmer, plus a rotating cast of guests, some of whom belong to Benet’s organization, Protocol Labs. On a warm day in September, Benet greeted me at his door wearing a black Protocol Labs hoodie. The interior of the space brought to mind the incubator/frat house of HBO’s “Silicon Valley,” its living room commandeered by an array of black computer monitors. In the entrance hallway, the words “Welcome to Rivendell” were scrawled out on a whiteboard, a nod to the Elven city from “Lord of the Rings.” “We call this house Rivendell,” Benet said sheepishly. “It’s not a very good Rivendell. It doesn’t have enough books, or waterfalls, or elves.”Benet, who is 29, considers himself a child of the first peer-to-peer revolution that briefly flourished in the late 1990s and early 2000s, driven in large part by networks like BitTorrent that distributed media files, often illegally. That initial flowering was in many ways a logical outgrowth of the internet’s decentralized, open-protocol roots. The web had shown that you could publish documents reliably in a commons-based network. Services like BitTorrent or Skype took that logic to the next level, allowing ordinary users to add new functionality to the internet: creating a distributed library of (largely pirated) media, as with BitTorrent, or helping people make phone calls over the internet, as with Skype.Sitting in the living room/office at Rivendell, Benet told me that he thinks of the early 2000s, with the ascent of Skype and BitTorrent, as “the ‘summer’ of peer-to-peer” — its salad days. “But then peer-to-peer hit a wall, because people started to prefer centralized architectures,” he said. “And partly because the peer-to-peer business models were piracy-driven.” A graduate of Stanford’s computer-science program, Benet talks in a manner reminiscent of Elon Musk: As he speaks, his eyes dart across an empty space above your head, almost as though he’s reading an invisible teleprompter to find the words. He is passionate about the technology Protocol Labs is developing, but also keen to put it in a wider context. For Benet, the shift from distributed systems to more centralized approaches set in motion changes that few could have predicted. “The rules of the game, the rules that govern all of this technology, matter a lot,” he said. “The structure of what we build now will paint a very different picture of the way things will be five or 10 years in the future.” He continued: “It was clear to me then that peer-to-peer was this extraordinary thing. What was not clear to me then was how at risk it is. It was not clear to me that you had to take up the baton, that it’s now your turn to protect it.”Protocol Labs is Benet’s attempt to take up that baton, and its first project is a radical overhaul of the internet’s file system, including the basic scheme we use to address the location of pages on the web. Benet calls his system IPFS, short for InterPlanetary File System. The current protocol — HTTP — pulls down web pages from a single location at a time and has no built-in mechanism for archiving the online pages. IPFS allows users to download a page simultaneously from multiple locations and includes what programmers call “historic versioning,” so that past iterations do not vanish from the historical record. To support the protocol, Benet is also creating a system called Filecoin that will allow users to effectively rent out unused hard-drive space. (Think of it as a sort of Airbnb for data.) “Right now there are tons of hard drives around the planet that are doing nothing, or close to nothing, to the point where their owners are just losing money,” Benet said. “So you can bring online a massive amount of supply, which will bring down the costs of storage.” But as its name suggests, Protocol Labs has an ambition that extends beyond these projects; Benet’s larger mission is to support many new open-source protocols in the years to come.Why did the internet follow the path from open to closed? One part of the explanation lies in sins of omission: By the time a new generation of coders began to tackle the problems that InternetOne left unsolved, there were near-limitless sources of capital to invest in those efforts, so long as the coders kept their systems closed. The secret to the success of the open protocols of InternetOne is that they were developed in an age when most people didn’t care about online networks, so they were able to stealthily reach critical mass without having to contend with wealthy conglomerates and venture capitalists. By the mid-2000s, though, a promising new start-up like Facebook could attract millions of dollars in financing even before it became a household brand. And that private-sector money ensured that the company’s key software would remain closed, in order to capture as much value as possible for shareholders.And yet — as the venture capitalist Chris Dixon points out — there was another factor, too, one that was more technical than financial in nature. “Let’s say you’re trying to build an open Twitter,” Dixon explained while sitting in a conference room at the New York offices of Andreessen Horowitz, where he is a general partner. “I’m @cdixon at Twitter. Where do you store that? You need a database.” A closed architecture like Facebook’s or Twitter’s puts all the information about its users — their handles, their likes and photos, the map of connections they have to other individuals on the network — into a private database that is maintained by the company. Whenever you look at your Facebook newsfeed, you are granted access to some infinitesimally small section of that database, seeing only the information that is relevant to you.Running Facebook’s database is an unimaginably complex operation, relying on hundreds of thousands of servers scattered around the world, overseen by some of the most brilliant engineers on the planet. From Facebook’s point of view, they’re providing a valuable service to humanity: creating a common social graph for almost everyone on earth. The fact that they have to sell ads to pay the bills for that service — and the fact that the scale of their network gives them staggering power over the minds of two billion people around the world — is an unfortunate, but inevitable, price to pay for a shared social graph. And that trade-off did in fact make sense in the mid-2000s; creating a single database capable of tracking the interactions of hundreds of millions of people — much less two billion — was the kind of problem that could be tackled only by a single organization. But as Benet and his fellow blockchain evangelists are eager to prove, that might not be true anymore.So how can you get meaningful adoption of base-layer protocols in an age when the big tech companies have already attracted billions of users and collectively sit on hundreds of billions of dollars in cash? If you happen to believe that the internet, in its current incarnation, is causing significant and growing harm to society, then this seemingly esoteric problem — the difficulty of getting people to adopt new open-source technology standards — turns out to have momentous consequences. If we can’t figure out a way to introduce new, rival base-layer infrastructure, then we’re stuck with the internet we have today. The best we can hope for is government interventions to scale back the power of Facebook or Google, or some kind of consumer revolt that encourages that marketplace to shift to less hegemonic online services, the digital equivalent of forswearing big agriculture for local farmers’ markets. Neither approach would upend the underlying dynamics of InternetTwo.The first hint of a meaningful challenge to the closed-protocol era arrived in 2008, not long after Zuckerberg opened the first international headquarters for his growing company. A mysterious programmer (or group of programmers) going by the name Satoshi Nakamoto circulated a paper on a cryptography mailing list. The paper was called “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System,” and in it, Nakamoto outlined an ingenious system for a digital currency that did not require a centralized trusted authority to verify transactions. At the time, Facebook and Bitcoin seemed to belong to entirely different spheres — one was a booming venture-backed social-media start-up that let you share birthday greetings and connect with old friends, while the other was a byzantine scheme for cryptographic currency from an obscure email list. But 10 years later, the ideas that Nakamoto unleashed with that paper now pose the most significant challenge to the hegemony of InternetTwo giants like Facebook.The paradox about Bitcoin is that it may well turn out to be a genuinely revolutionary breakthrough and at the same time a colossal failure as a currency. As I write, Bitcoin has increased in value by nearly 100,000 percent over the past five years, making a fortune for its early investors but also branding it as a spectacularly unstable payment mechanism. The process for creating new Bitcoins has also turned out to be a staggering energy drain.History is replete with stories of new technologies whose initial applications end up having little to do with their eventual use. All the focus on Bitcoin as a payment system may similarly prove to be a distraction, a technological red herring. Nakamoto pitched Bitcoin as a “peer-to-peer electronic-cash system” in the initial manifesto, but at its heart, the innovation he (or she or they) was proposing had a more general structure, with two key features.First, Bitcoin offered a kind of proof that you could create a secure database — the blockchain — scattered across hundreds or thousands of computers, with no single authority controlling and verifying the authenticity of the data.Second, Nakamoto designed Bitcoin so that the work of maintaining that distributed ledger was itself rewarded with small, increasingly scarce Bitcoin payments. If you dedicated half your computer’s processing cycles to helping the Bitcoin network get its math right — and thus fend off the hackers and scam artists — you received a small sliver of the currency. Nakamoto designed the system so that Bitcoins would grow increasingly difficult to earn over time, ensuring a certain amount of scarcity in the system. If you helped Bitcoin keep that database secure in the early days, you would earn more Bitcoin than later arrivals. This process has come to be called “mining.”For our purposes, forget everything else about the Bitcoin frenzy, and just keep these two things in mind: What Nakamoto ushered into the world was a way of agreeing on the contents of a database without anyone being “in charge” of the database, and a way of compensating people for helping make that database more valuable, without those people being on an official payroll or owning shares in a corporate entity. Together, those two ideas solved the distributed-database problem and the funding problem. Suddenly there was a way of supporting open protocols that wasn’t available during the infancy of Facebook and Twitter.These two features have now been replicated in dozens of new systems inspired by Bitcoin. One of those systems is Ethereum, proposed in a white paper by Vitalik Buterin when he was just 19. Ethereum does have its currencies, but at its heart Ethereum was designed less to facilitate electronic payments than to allow people to run applications on top of the Ethereum blockchain. There are currently hundreds of Ethereum apps in development, ranging from prediction markets to Facebook clones to crowdfunding services. Almost all of them are in pre-alpha stage, not ready for consumer adoption. Despite the embryonic state of the applications, the Ether currency has seen its own miniature version of the Bitcoin bubble, most likely making Buterin an immense fortune.These currencies can be used in clever ways. Juan Benet’s Filecoin system will rely on Ethereum technology and reward users and developers who adopt its IPFS protocol or help maintain the shared database it requires. Protocol Labs is creating its own cryptocurrency, also called Filecoin, and has plans to sell some of those coins on the open market in the coming months. (In the summer of 2017, the company raised $135 million in the first 60 minutes of what Benet calls a “presale” of the tokens to accredited investors.) Many cryptocurrencies are first made available to the public through a process known as an initial coin offering, or I.C.O.The I.C.O. abbreviation is a deliberate echo of the initial public offering that so defined the first internet bubble in the 1990s. But there is a crucial difference between the two. Speculators can buy in during an I.C.O., but they are not buying an ownership stake in a private company and its proprietary software, the way they might in a traditional I.P.O. Afterward, the coins will continue to be created in exchange for labor — in the case of Filecoin, by anyone who helps maintain the Filecoin network. Developers who help refine the software can earn the coins, as can ordinary users who lend out spare hard-drive space to expand the network’s storage capacity. The Filecoin is a way of signaling that someone, somewhere, has added value to the network.Advocates like Chris Dixon have started referring to the compensation side of the equation in terms of “tokens,” not coins, to emphasize that the technology here isn’t necessarily aiming to disrupt existing currency systems. “I like the metaphor of a token because it makes it very clear that it’s like an arcade,” he says. “You go to the arcade, and in the arcade you can use these tokens. But we’re not trying to replace the U.S. government. It’s not meant to be a real currency; it’s meant to be a pseudo-currency inside this world.” Dan Finlay, a creator of MetaMask, echoes Dixon’s argument. “To me, what’s interesting about this is that we get to program new value systems,” he says. “They don’t have to resemble money.”Pseudo or not, the idea of an I.C.O. has already inspired a host of shady offerings, some of them endorsed by celebrities who would seem to be unlikely blockchain enthusiasts, like DJ Khaled, Paris Hilton and Floyd Mayweather. In a blog post published in October 2017, Fred Wilson, a founder of Union Square Ventures and an early advocate of the blockchain revolution, thundered against the spread of I.C.O.s. “I hate it,” Wilson wrote, adding that most I.C.O.s “are scams. And the celebrities and others who promote them on their social-media channels in an effort to enrich themselves are behaving badly and possibly violating securities laws.” Arguably the most striking thing about the surge of interest in I.C.O.s — and in existing currencies like Bitcoin or Ether — is how much financial speculation has already gravitated to platforms that have effectively zero adoption among ordinary consumers. At least during the internet bubble of late 1990s, ordinary people were buying books on Amazon or reading newspapers online; there was clear evidence that the web was going to become a mainstream platform. Today, the hype cycles are so accelerated that billions of dollars are chasing a technology that almost no one outside the cryptocommunity understands, much less uses.Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that the hype is warranted, and blockchain platforms like Ethereum become a fundamental part of our digital infrastructure. How would a distributed ledger and a token economy somehow challenge one of the tech giants? One of Fred Wilson’s partners at Union Square Ventures, Brad Burnham, suggests a scenario revolving around another tech giant that has run afoul of regulators and public opinion in the last year: Uber. “Uber is basically just a coordination platform between drivers and passengers,” Burnham says. “Yes, it was really innovative, and there were a bunch of things in the beginning about reducing the anxiety of whether the driver was coming or not, and the map — and a whole bunch of things that you should give them a lot of credit for.” But when a new service like Uber starts to take off, there’s a strong incentive for the marketplace to consolidate around a single leader. The fact that more passengers are starting to use the Uber app attracts more drivers to the service, which in turn attracts more passengers. People have their credit cards stored with Uber; they have the app installed already; there are far more Uber drivers on the road. And so the switching costs of trying out some other rival service eventually become prohibitive, even if the chief executive seems to be a jerk or if consumers would, in the abstract, prefer a competitive marketplace with a dozen Ubers. “At some point, the innovation around the coordination becomes less and less innovative,” Burnham says.The blockchain world proposes something different. Imagine some group like Protocol Labs decides there’s a case to be made for adding another “basic layer” to the stack. Just as GPS gave us a way of discovering and sharing our location, this new protocol would define a simple request: I am here and would like to go there. A distributed ledger might record all its users’ past trips, credit cards, favorite locations — all the metadata that services like Uber or Amazon use to encourage lock-in. Call it, for the sake of argument, the Transit protocol. The standards for sending a Transit request out onto the internet would be entirely open; anyone who wanted to build an app to respond to that request would be free to do so. Cities could build Transit apps that allowed taxi drivers to field requests. But so could bike-share collectives, or rickshaw drivers. Developers could create shared marketplace apps where all the potential vehicles using Transit could vie for your business. When you walked out on the sidewalk and tried to get a ride, you wouldn’t have to place your allegiance with a single provider before hailing. You would simply announce that you were standing at 67th and Madison and needed to get to Union Square. And then you’d get a flurry of competing offers. You could even theoretically get an offer from the M.T.A., which could build a service to remind Transit users that it might be much cheaper and faster just to jump on the 6 train.How would Transit reach critical mass when Uber and Lyft already dominate the ride-sharing market? This is where the tokens come in. Early adopters of Transit would be rewarded with Transit tokens, which could themselves be used to purchase Transit services or be traded on exchanges for traditional currency. As in the Bitcoin model, tokens would be doled out less generously as Transit grew more popular. In the early days, a developer who built an iPhone app that uses Transit might see a windfall of tokens; Uber drivers who started using Transit as a second option for finding passengers could collect tokens as a reward for embracing the system; adventurous consumers would be rewarded with tokens for using Transit in its early days, when there are fewer drivers available compared with the existing proprietary networks like Uber or Lyft.As Transit began to take off, it would attract speculators, who would put a monetary price on the token and drive even more interest in the protocol by inflating its value, which in turn would attract more developers, drivers and customers. If the whole system ends up working as its advocates believe, the result is a more competitive but at the same time more equitable marketplace. Instead of all the economic value being captured by the shareholders of one or two large corporations that dominate the market, the economic value is distributed across a much wider group: the early developers of Transit, the app creators who make the protocol work in a consumer-friendly form, the early-adopter drivers and passengers, the first wave of speculators. Token economies introduce a strange new set of elements that do not fit the traditional models: instead of creating value by owning something, as in the shareholder equity model, people create value by improving the underlying protocol, either by helping to maintain the ledger (as in Bitcoin mining), or by writing apps atop it, or simply by using the service. The lines between founders, investors and customers are far blurrier than in traditional corporate models; all the incentives are explicitly designed to steer away from winner-take-all outcomes. And yet at the same time, the whole system depends on an initial speculative phase in which outsiders are betting on the token to rise in value.“You think about the ’90s internet bubble and all the great infrastructure we got out of that,” Dixon says. “You’re basically taking that effect and shrinking it down to the size of an application.”Even decentralized cryptomovements have their key nodes. For Ethereum, one of those nodes is the Brooklyn headquarters of an organization called ConsenSys, founded by Joseph Lubin, an early Ethereum pioneer. In November, Amanda Gutterman, the 26-year-old chief marketing officer for ConsenSys, gave me a tour of the space. In our first few minutes together, she offered the obligatory cup of coffee, only to discover that the drip-coffee machine in the kitchen was bone dry. “How can we fix the internet if we can’t even make coffee?” she said with a laugh.Planted in industrial Bushwick, a stone’s throw from the pizza mecca Roberta’s, “headquarters” seemed an unlikely word. The front door was festooned with graffiti and stickers; inside, the stairwells of the space appeared to have been last renovated during the Coolidge administration. Just about three years old, the ConsenSys network now includes more than 550 employees in 28 countries, and the operation has never raised a dime of venture capital. As an organization, ConsenSys does not quite fit any of the usual categories: It is technically a corporation, but it has elements that also resemble nonprofits and workers’ collectives. The shared goal of ConsenSys members is strengthening and expanding the Ethereum blockchain. They support developers creating new apps and tools for the platform, one of which is MetaMask, the software that generated my Ethereum address. But they also offer consulting-style services for companies, nonprofits or governments looking for ways to integrate Ethereum’s smart contracts into their own systems.The true test of the blockchain will revolve — like so many of the online crises of the past few years — around the problem of identity. Today your digital identity is scattered across dozens, or even hundreds, of different sites: Amazon has your credit-card information and your purchase history; Facebook knows your friends and family; Equifax maintains your credit history. When you use any of those services, you are effectively asking for permission to borrow some of that information about yourself in order perform a task: ordering a Christmas present for your uncle, checking Instagram to see pictures from the office party last night. But all these different fragments of your identity don’t belong to you; they belong to Facebook and Amazon and Google, who are free to sell bits of that information about you to advertisers without consulting you. You, of course, are free to delete those accounts if you choose, and if you stop checking Facebook, Zuckerberg and the Facebook shareholders will stop making money by renting out your attention to their true customers. But your Facebook or Google identity isn’t portable. If you want to join another promising social network that is maybe a little less infected with Russian bots, you can’t extract your social network from Twitter and deposit it in the new service. You have to build the network again from scratch (and persuade all your friends to do the same).The blockchain evangelists think this entire approach is backward. You should own your digital identity — which could include everything from your date of birth to your friend networks to your purchasing history — and you should be free to lend parts of that identity out to services as you see fit. Given that identity was not baked into the original internet protocols, and given the difficulty of managing a distributed database in the days before Bitcoin, this form of “self-sovereign” identity — as the parlance has it — was a practical impossibility. Now it is an attainable goal. A number of blockchain-based services are trying to tackle this problem, including a new identity system called uPort that has been spun out of ConsenSys and another one called Blockstack that is currently based on the Bitcoin platform. (Tim Berners-Lee is leading the development of a comparable system, called Solid, that would also give users control over their own data.) These rival protocols all have slightly different frameworks, but they all share a general vision of how identity should work on a truly decentralized internet.What would prevent a new blockchain-based identity standard from following Tim Wu’s Cycle, the same one that brought Facebook to such a dominant position? Perhaps nothing. But imagine how that sequence would play out in practice. Someone creates a new protocol to define your social network via Ethereum. It might be as simple as a list of other Ethereum addresses; in other words, Here are the public addresses of people I like and trust. That way of defining your social network might well take off and ultimately supplant the closed systems that define your network on Facebook. Perhaps someday, every single person on the planet might use that standard to map their social connections, just as every single person on the internet uses TCP/IP to share data. But even if this new form of identity became ubiquitous, it wouldn’t present the same opportunities for abuse and manipulation that you find in the closed systems that have become de facto standards. I might allow a Facebook-style service to use my social map to filter news or gossip or music for me, based on the activity of my friends, but if that service annoyed me, I’d be free to sample other alternatives without the switching costs. An open identity standard would give ordinary people the opportunity to sell their attention to the highest bidder, or choose to keep it out of the marketplace altogether.Gutterman suggests that the same kind of system could be applied to even more critical forms of identity, like health care data. Instead of storing, say, your genome on servers belonging to a private corporation, the information would instead be stored inside a personal data archive. “There may be many corporate entities that I don’t want seeing that data, but maybe I’d like to donate that data to a medical study,” she says. “I could use my blockchain-based self-sovereign ID to [allow] one group to use it and not another. Or I could sell it over here and give it away over there.”The token architecture would give a blockchain-based identity standard an additional edge over closed standards like Facebook’s. As many critics have observed, ordinary users on social-media platforms create almost all the content without compensation, while the companies capture all the economic value from that content through advertising sales. A token-based social network would at least give early adopters a piece of the action, rewarding them for their labors in making the new platform appealing. “If someone can really figure out a version of Facebook that lets users own a piece of the network and get paid,” Dixon says, “that could be pretty compelling.”Would that information be more secure in a distributed blockchain than behind the elaborate firewalls of giant corporations like Google or Facebook? In this one respect, the Bitcoin story is actually instructive: It may never be stable enough to function as a currency, but it does offer convincing proof of just how secure a distributed ledger can be. “Look at the market cap of Bitcoin or Ethereum: $80 billion, $25 billion, whatever,” Dixon says. “That means if you successfully attack that system, you could walk away with more than a billion dollars. You know what a ‘bug bounty’ is? Someone says, ‘If you hack my system, I’ll give you a million dollars.’ So Bitcoin is now a nine-year-old multibillion-dollar bug bounty, and no one’s hacked it. It feels like pretty good proof.”Additional security would come from the decentralized nature of these new identity protocols. In the identity system proposed by Blockstack, the actual information about your identity — your social connections, your purchasing history — could be stored anywhere online. The blockchain would simply provide cryptographically secure keys to unlock that information and share it with other trusted providers. A system with a centralized repository with data for hundreds of millions of users — what security experts call “honey pots” — is far more appealing to hackers. Which would you rather do: steal a hundred million credit histories by hacking into a hundred million separate personal computers and sniﬃng around until you found the right data on each machine? Or just hack into one honey pot at Equifax and walk away with the same amount of data in a matter of hours? As Gutterman puts it, “It’s the difference between robbing a house versus robbing the entire village.”So much of the blockchain’s architecture is shaped by predictions about how that architecture might be abused once it finds a wider audience. That is part of its charm and its power. The blockchain channels the energy of speculative bubbles by allowing tokens to be shared widely among true supporters of the platform. It safeguards against any individual or small group gaining control of the entire database. Its cryptography is designed to protect against surveillance states or identity thieves. In this, the blockchain displays a familial resemblance to political constitutions: Its rules are designed with one eye on how those rules might be exploited down the line.Much has been made of the anarcho-libertarian streak in Bitcoin and other nonfiat currencies; the community is rife with words and phrases (“self-sovereign”) that sound as if they could be slogans for some militia compound in Montana. And yet in its potential to break up large concentrations of power and explore less-proprietary models of ownership, the blockchain idea offers a tantalizing possibility for those who would like to distribute wealth more equitably and break up the cartels of the digital age.The blockchain worldview can also sound libertarian in the sense that it proposes nonstate solutions to capitalist excesses like information monopolies. But to believe in the blockchain is not necessarily to oppose regulation, if that regulation is designed with complementary aims. Brad Burnham, for instance, suggests that regulators should insist that everyone have “a right to a private data store,” where all the various facets of their online identity would be maintained. But governments wouldn’t be required to design those identity protocols. They would be developed on the blockchain, open source. Ideologically speaking, that private data store would be a true team effort: built as an intellectual commons, funded by token speculators, supported by the regulatory state.Like the original internet itself, the blockchain is an idea with radical — almost communitarian — possibilities that at the same time has attracted some of the most frivolous and regressive appetites of capitalism. We spent our first years online in a world defined by open protocols and intellectual commons; we spent the second phase in a world increasingly dominated by closed architectures and proprietary databases. We have learned enough from this history to support the hypothesis that open works better than closed, at least where base-layer issues are concerned. But we don’t have an easy route back to the open-protocol era. Some messianic next-generation internet protocol is not likely to emerge out of Department of Defense research, the way the first-generation internet did nearly 50 years ago.Yes, the blockchain may seem like the very worst of speculative capitalism right now, and yes, it is demonically challenging to understand. But the beautiful thing about open protocols is that they can be steered in surprising new directions by the people who discover and champion them in their infancy. Right now, the only real hope for a revival of the open-protocol ethos lies in the blockchain. Whether it eventually lives up to its egalitarian promise will in large part depend on the people who embrace the platform, who take up the baton, as Juan Benet puts it, from those early online pioneers. If you think the internet is not working in its current incarnation, you can’t change the system through think-pieces and F.C.C. regulations alone. You need new code.Good Tuesday, and welcome back. Here’s what we’re watching:• Will G.E. be broken up? Maybe not in the way people think.• Nestlé signs a deal to sell its U.S. confectionary business to Ferrero.• Why Elliott is agitating at Bezeq.• The one interesting number from Silver Lake’s $3.5 billion bid for Blackhawk Network.• Qualcomm’s busy M.&A. day.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.John Flannery, G.E.’s chief executive, is considering changes in the way that the company operates, he said today. Though the news accompanied the announcement that G.E. would take a $6.2 billion charge related to its legacy insurance portfolio, the statements are unrelated.The problem: Many on Wall Street think that Mr. Flannery was talking about the once-unfathomable idea that G.E. could be broken apart into separate businesses.On a conference call with analysts, Mr. Flannery said:Late last year, Mr. Flannery, who succeeded Jeff Immelt as C.E.O. in August, said he will make the company smaller by reducing the number of businesses it is in. He said that G.E. would focus on jet engines, power-generation equipment and health-care machines.The context: It’s unlikely that G.E. will make an announcement in the spring that it will only fiddle around the edges, like more fully spinning off its Baker Hughes oil-field services unit. But it’s also unlikely that Mr. Flannery will be the one to break up the 125-year-old conglomerate.It’s more likely that Mr. Flannery and his team will consider unique ways of separating G.E.’s core business units without actually splitting them completely apart. But it’s all somewhat speculative at the moment.Critic’s corner, from Brook Sutherland of Gadfly:— Stephen Grocer and Michael J. de la MercedThe attorneys general of 22 states filed a lawsuit to block the Federal Communications Commission’s repeal of regulations that ensure an equal and open internet, reports the NYT’s Cecilia Kang.The attorneys general said the rollback of so-called net neutrality rules were “arbitrary and capricious” and a reversal of a longstanding policy to prevent internet service providers from blocking or charging websites for faster delivery of content to consumers.The petition to begin the lawsuit, filed in the United States District Court of Appeals in Washington, is the first legal challenge against the F.C.C.’s order in December. Several others are expected, including by public interest groups such as Public Knowledge and Free Press, which argue that the F.C.C.’s order was harmful to consumers and was done hastily and without proper public input.The business that makes Butterfingers and Gobstoppers will find a new home — at Ferrero, the producer of Rocher chocolate — for $2.8 billion in cash.The numbers• The U.S. candy business, which doesn’t include KitKats, generated $900 million in sales in 2016. (That’s roughly 1 percent of Nestlé’s overall revenue that year.)• The deal is expected to close by March 31The context: Nestlé said last year that it would explore a sale of the business amid a waning appetite among Americans for candy. The move had been lauded by Dan Loeb’s Third Point, which has put pressure on the food titan to sell off nonessential businesses.The pullquote, from Mark Schneider, Nestlé’s C.E.O.:The advisersFor Ferrero: Credit Suisse, Lazard and the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell— Michael J. de la MercedOne of Elliott’s first campaigns of 2018 sees the activist hedge fund going even further abroad: Its latest target is Bezeq, the once-government-owned Israeli telecom company. The phone service provider is up 5 percent as of this morning on the news of Elliott’s investment and public letter to the telecom’s interim chairman, David Granot.The context Bezeq has been under pressure on multiple fronts:• The company has been under pressure from regulators amid an investigation into potential securities violations, including an inquiry into the mogul Shaul Elovitch, who owns 26 percent of the company.• The company’s ownership structure is complicated. Technically, Mr. Elovitch controls Eurocom, which in turn controls Internet Gold, which in tern controls BCom, which in turn controls Bezeq. (Got that?) But Mr. Elovitch has been grappling with debt at Eurocom and is in talks to sell control of that vehicle to another businessman, Naty Saidoff.What Elliott wants• Replacing all directors under scrutiny by Israeli securities regulators, in consultation with shareholders• Simplifying the ownership structure of the companyFrom the hedge fund’s letter to Mr. Granot:What could lie aheadBeyond the public pressure that the letter by Paul Singer’s hedge fund will bring, Elliott could also call a special meeting of shareholders to vote on matters like choosing new directors, if it can muster up the support of at least 5 percent of shares. (Elliott said that it currently owns a 4.8 percent economic interest in the company. )— Michael J. de la Merced• It isn’t necessarily the $3.5 billion purchase price that Silver Lake and P2 Capital Partners agreed to pay for the operator of gift card stores.• It isn’t necessarily the 24 percent premium over Blackhawk’s Friday closing price that the $45.25-per-share bid represents.• It isn’t even necessarily the nine advisers listed in the press release. (More on that below.)• It’s the $1.7 billion equity check that Silver Lake is writing to support the deal. That’s one of the biggest-ever equity commitments that the $39 billion investment firm has ever made.The backstoryDan Primack has more on the five-year saga over at Axios.The advisersFor Blackhawk: Sandler O’Neill & Partners, Citigroup and the law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & KatzFor Silver Lake: Barclays, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and the law firm Simpson Thacher & BartlettFor P2 Capital: The law firm Debevoise & Plimpton— Michael J. de la MercedThe firstQualcomm unveiled its first official “fight letter” in its campaign to beat back Broadcom’s $105 billion bid for the chip maker.Among the highlights of the letter:• Qualcomm says that it will deliver between $6.75 and $7.50 in pro forma earnings per share for its 2019 fiscal year.• A pledge to continue the company’s its cost-savings program.• A reiteration that Broadcom’s offer ignores the upswing that the emerging 5G wireless standard will bring for Qualcomm’s stock.From the letter:The secondRamius, a money manager that owns stakes in both Qualcomm and NXP Semiconductors, said that it plans to reject Qualcomm’s $110-a-share bid for the smaller chip maker. The firm wants a deal done — but at a higher price.That follows the declaration of Elliott that NXP was worth $135 a share on a standalone basis.From Ramius’s news release:— Michael J. de la MercedCitigroup said that it earned $3.7 billion in its fourth quarter — if one excludes a $22 billion charge related to the tax overhaul.Here’s a look at its results by the numbers:• $18.3 billion, or $7.15 per share. Citi’s loss in the fourth quarter, including the tax charge. It is the bank’s largest quarterly loss. The new tax law is causing large banks to report big one-time charges to their fourth-quarter results, but the legislation should benefit the banks over time.• $1.28. Its earnings per share excluding the tax hit. That beat the $1.19 expected by Wall Street analysts, according to Thomson Reuters and topped the $1.14 per share earned a year ago.• $17.26 billion. Citi’s revenue for the quarter, which exceeded the $17.01 it generated a year ago.• $19 billion. The amount of the $22 billion tax charge that came from writing down deferred-tax assets, which companies use to offset future tax bills.• $3 billion. The amount of the tax hit that came from a one-time charge on overseas earnings because of the new tax law.• $2.9 billion. The amount Citi generated in trading revenue, down 19 percent. JPMorgan reported a 17 percent drop on Friday.— Stephen GrocerGoldman’s commodity trading revenue fell 75 percent last year, its worst annual performance, Bloomberg reports, citing people familiar with the matter.Goldman reports earnings tomorrow before the bell.— Stephen GrocerThe Dow Jones industrial average is trading above 26,000 for the first time.It took just seven days for the blue-chip index to go from 25,000 to 26,000. If it closes above that level, it will mark the quickest move from one millennial marker to the next.The previous record was set on Jan. 4 when the Dow finished above 25,000 just 23 trading sessions after surpassing 24,000.Of course, 1,000 point moves aren’t what they used to be. Going from 25,000 to 26,000 is a move of just 4 percent. By comparison, when the index went from 10,000 to 11,000 in 24 days in 1999, it was a rise of 10 percent, points out the WSJ’s Erik Holm.And it’s not just the Dow that is surging this month. The more widely followed Standard & Poor’s 500 index crossed 2,800 this morning and is up more than 4 percent this month. That puts it on pace for its best monthly performance since March 2016, when it was rebounding from the steep sell-off during the first six weeks of that year.In fact, the S.&P. 500 hasn’t experienced a monthly decline since March of last year.— Stephen GrocerIn a letter to investors, the hedge fund manager wrote that his firm had bought shares of Twitter in the fourth-quarter at an average price of $21.59.Via ValueWalk:Shares of Twitter are down about 1 percent to $25.13.— Stephen GrocerWhat’s happening: Larry Fink of BlackRock is sending a letter to C.E.O.s of public companies today saying that they must show how they contribute to society, or risk losing the money-management firm’s support.More from the letter:The leverage: BlackRock has $6 trillion under management, making it the biggest investor in public companies in the world.The context, from Andrew’s latest DealBook column: Mr. Fink’s letter pits the investment mogul “against many of the companies that he’s invested in, which hold the view that their only duty is to produce profits for their shareholders, an argument long espoused by economists like Milton Friedman.”The assessment: Jeff Sonnenfeld of the Yale School of Management told Andrew, “It is huge for an institutional investor to take this position across its portfolio.” Mr. Sonnenfeld added that he’s seen “nothing like it.”More in corporate social activism • Citi said it would measure, publish and address gaps in the pay between male and female employees in the U.S., Britain and Germany, after pressure from an investor. (Bloomberg)Raine — the merchant bank that invested early in Vice and counts Masa Son and Steve Ballmer as clients — has invested in Propagate Content, the studio that produced the first original series for Apple and Twitter. (Propagate’s co-founders are Ben Silverman, once co-chairman of NBC Entertainment, and Howard T. Owens, who was president of National Geographic Channels.)The thesis: That content is more important than ever in an era of online streaming. Raine’s betting that Propagate, which is also turning popular podcasts like “Lore” into streaming series and working on content for Netflix and CBS, can produce hits from a variety of sources and replicate them around the world.The pullquote, from Raine co-founder Joe Ravitch:In other media deals:• Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund is in talks to invest more than $500 million in Endeavor, the parent company of WME, as part of its push to diversify the kingdom’s economy, according to unidentified sources. (TheWrap, Bloomberg)• Graydon Carter’s first project after Vanity Fair is an investment in Zig, a start-up described as Instagram for news.From the venture capitalist’s blog post from this weekend, which has been making the rounds in Silicon Valley:Mr. Wilson’s bottom line: Stock awards have a real cost — annual dilution of companies’ equity can be as high as 5 percent a year.He adds:The tech and telecom flyaround• By potentially spinning out its Japanese cellphone business, SoftBank could raise as much as $18 billion for deals. (FT)• Kuaishou, a video site backed by Tencent, is seeking a valuation of about $17 billion in its new round of financing. (Bloomberg)Sergio Marchionne, the automaker’s outspoken C.E.O., made it clear that the company won’t sell its Jeep or Ram divisions or otherwise break itself up. But if that idea is “three years ago,” as he said at the Detroit Auto Show, what is his plan to compete with rivals who are diving headlong into autonomous vehicles?From his interview with Bloomberg:Mr. Marchionne also confirmed that this will be his last year leading Fiat Chrysler, with a successor to be named in March.The Detroit Auto Show flyaround• Automakers are celebrating their best ever three-year stretch, but they could be headed for choppier waters. (NYT)• BlackBerry continued its push into the auto industry with a product to help carmakers detect software security flaws. (Bloomberg)That’s an actual question posed in a private forum that was sent to us by a reader this weekend.Your daily reminder of virtual currency prices, courtesy of CoinMarketCap:• Bitcoin is at $12,288, down 11 percent over the past day.• Ethereum is at $1,137, down nearly 15 percent.• Ripple is at $1.45, down 22 percent.And your daily dose of virtual currency skepticism, courtesy of Bloomberg:The digital money flyaround• The head of Singapore’s central bank said he hoped the technology underpinning Bitcoin and other digital currencies would outlast the current “fever.” (Axios)• Nine hedge funds who had bet on Bitcoin made a 1,167 percent return last year — less than the virtual currency’s return but far more than the 8 percent that the hedge fund industry as a whole generated. (Bloomberg)• China is escalating its cryptocurrency crackdown, and has blocked websites and apps that offer exchange-like services, according to unidentified sources. (Bloomberg)• IBM has teamed up with Moller-Maersk to create a blockchain-based platform for the shipping industry. (Reuters)• TechCrunch got hold of Telegram’s initial coin offering prospectus and learned that the messaging service wants to challenge Ethereum as a platform for services. (TechCrunch)damageWe’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.