Happy Friday. Here’s what we’re watching:• The heads of Citi and Goldman took home healthy pay raises last year.• Qualcomm didn’t categorically say no to Broadcom’s latest offer.• What financial regulation could look like post-Brexit.• Look who bet big on a pick-up in volatility...Peter Thiel.• R.I.P., BTFD?• Kraft Heinz is due for a big deal.• U.S. Bancorp’s big fine.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The good times that returned to Wall Street after President Donald Trump got elected are now flowing into the pockets of the big banks’ C.E.Os:• Citigroup’s Mike Corbat saw his compensation jump 48 percent last year, to $23 million.• Goldman Sachs’s Lloyd Blankfein enjoyed a smaller 9 percent rise, to $24 million.• JPMorgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon, we already know, received a 5 percent increase, to $29.5 million.• Bank of America’s Brian Moynihan, we also already know, enjoyed a 15 percent bump, to $23 million.Are those paydays justified?Let’s take Mr. Corbat.Citigroup’s stock rose 25 percent in 2017, a lot more than the 16 percent posted by the KBW Bank Index. Investors piled into bank stocks because of expectations of stronger economic growth, and also because they expected the Trump administration to loosen banking regulations.Citi’s underlying businesses improved last year. The bank also got through the Federal Reserve’s stress tests in 2017 without objections from the regulator, something it had struggled to do in previous years.The message from Citi’s board seems to be that, since the bank’s performance is now much closer to that of its peers, Mr. Corbat’s pay also needs to be in the vicinity of his counterparts on Wall Street.But on other yardsticks, the awards can seem highCiti may be doing better than in the past, but its return on equity, a metric that shows a bank’s return on its capital, was only 6.6 percent last year. Bank of America’s was 6.7 percent. Both are well below the 10 percent earned at JPMorgan.And the makeup of the compensation mattersC.E.O.s’ compensation is made up of different types of pay:• Cash salaries and cash bonuses• Stock-based bonuses that are paid out over the coming years, and whose value is, to differing degrees, dependent on how the company performs in the future.The theory: The more performance-related pay, the more accountable the executive is.Investors should keep an eye on the amount of performance share units (P.S.U.s) that are included in a comp package, since these are usually the type of stock award that are most at risk of a decline in value if a bank underperforms by certain yardsticks.• Mr. Dimon’s pay appears most dependent on P.S.U.s. They made up 78 percent of his 2017 comp. Mr. Blankfein is close behind with 73 percent.• By contrast, Mr. Moynihan had 47 percent of his comp in P.S.U.s. Mr. Corbat had just 33 percent.Bank of America and Citi would likely assert that the rest of their stock-based awards are also somewhat dependent on the performance of the bank. But shareholders might be happier if all the stock bonus were in P.S.U.s.Just for context: Median household income in the United States was just shy of $60,000 in 2016.— Peter EavisAfter months of delays, the panel that reviews foreign takeovers of U.S. businesses has agreed to review Anthony Scaramucci’s deal to sell his stake in SkyBridge Capital to China’s HNA Group, Bloomberg reports.• Mr. Scaramucci agreed a year ago to sell his investment firm to a subsidiary of HNA Group as he prepared to take a job in the Trump Administration.• The decision starts a maximum 75-day clock for the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S., or Cfius, to decide whether to approve or oppose the deal, Bloomberg reports.• Chinese investors have faced heightened scrutiny from Cfius. Since president Trump took office, a half a dozen Chinese deals have fallen apart because of concerns raised by CFIUS, Bloomberg reports.While $82 a share isn’t enough, Qualcomm decided after its Valentine’s Day meeting with its unwanted suitor, the chip maker left the door open for potential agreement.• Raising the breakup fee for antitrust reasons beyond $8 billion. That amount, which represents an already high 6.6 percent of the total deal price, still isn’t high enough for Qualcomm. “A breakup fee in the range proposed by Broadcom does not come close to compensating for those risks,” Paul Jacobs, Qualcomm’s chairman, writes in a letter to Broadcom’s chief, Hock Tan.• Make unspecified other commitments meant to assuage antitrust regulators.• Clarify what Broadcom’s intentions are for Qualcomm’s big licensing business.More from Mr. Jacobs’s letter:If the two sides can’t reach an agreement, then matters may come down to a vote on Qualcomm’s board on March 6. Remember that Broadcom is seeking six of 11 board seats, down from its initial target of unseating all directors.Remember: Broadcom has said that its second offer of $82 a share is “best and final.”The status quo: Shares in Qualcomm were little changed, while those in Broadcom were down slightly.In other Qualcomm news: Elliott Advisors, which owns about 7.2 percent of NXP Semiconductors, renewed its argument that Qualcomm should pay more than $110 a share for the smaller chip maker, especially in light of NXP’s recent quarterly earnings.— Michael de la MercedBritain’s government is often criticized for not clearly communicating the type of deal it wants to strike with the European Union as it prepares to leave the bloc.But, according to a report in the Financial Times on Friday, Britain will soon lay out its post-Brexit vision for financial services, a huge earner for the country. The plan centers on Britain and the E.U. mutually recognizing each other’s financial regulations.The dilemma Britain faces.Post-Brexit, Britain’s banks and financial firms would lose special rights that allow them to operate in any E.U. country with few restrictions. Britain could fall back on an arrangement that would allow British banks to do business in the E.U. if they operated under regulations that were equivalent to those in the bloc. But this arrangement has drawbacks. It does not cover important types of financial activities, and British banks may have to comply with any changes to regulation that the E.U. introduces.Hence the new plan.The scheme that Britain may now propose appears designed to address those problems. It would allow both sides leeway to strike their own rules once they’ve agreed on their main objectives. And it suggests that a monitoring regime and mechanism for resolving disputes be set up.Will the E.U. agree to the plan?The bloc may reject such a proposal because it would risk losing some control over financial regulation. Certain politicians in the E.U. may argue Britain is trying to retain the privileges of the single market while discarding the duties that come with it. Still, some of Europe’s leaders, banks and businesses may support the plan, in the belief that it will minimize disruption and allow the City of London to continue to play a big role in financing the strong economic expansion taking place in Europe.—Peter EavisPeter Thiel.Bloomberg reports that the venture capitalist known for his investments in Facebook and PayPal had a $244 million bet at the end of 2017 tied to the C.B.O.E Volatility index, or VIX.Filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission show Thiel Macro, which invests Mr. Thiel’s fortune, held put options on 1.9 million shares of ProShares Short VIX Short-Term Futures as of Dec. 31. The investment is designed to pay off if the VIX rises.It’s unclear whether the fund had maintained those positions through last week. But if it had, he would have reaped a big windfall.Investors piled into bets that volatility would continue to decline last year. And those wagers paid off as the VIX spent 2017 trading at historically low levels. But volatility has picked up this year. After trading below 10 to start the year, the VIX spiked to above 37 during the selloff last week. It finished Friday at 19.Vice reports that virtual currencies are now becoming an issue in ... divorce cases:Off the top of our heads, we’d think that issues would include a) the reporting, or lack thereof, of holdings and b) the value of any digital money portfolios.— Michael de la MercedIt’s age-old wisdom. But as investors worry about inflation and central banks raising interest rates unexpectedly quickly, is it still relevant?More from Julie Edde, Bei Hu and Suzanne Woolley of Bloomberg:Another investor, Ian Harnett of Absolute Strategy Research, recommends “sell the rallies” instead.Why are stocks and inflation going up?Historically, rising inflation hasn’t always meant sinking equity markets. But some people worry all the same. The market historian James Stack told Jim Stewart of the NYT that high valuations and years of low interest rates mean “we’re dealing with what might be the most interest rate-sensitive stock market in our lifetime.”State of the markets: Asian indexes rose only slightly, in part because of Lunar New Year celebrations. European stocks rose. S. & P. 500 futures are up strongly.That question’s sure to greet the company’s C.E.O., Bernardo Hees, during earnings discussions this morning. What’s curious is that he hinted at the topic during a pre-earnings presentation yesterday.“With our global presence and financial strength, I think that we’ll continue to generate opportunities for us to expand our portfolio,” he said, according to Annie Gasparro of the WSJ.Why another deal? It’s what Kraft Heinz and its backers at 3G do best. Meanwhile, sales have been declining, and the company’s last big takeover attempt, at Unilever two years ago, fizzed quickly.The deals flyaround• The S.E.C. blocked a Chinese company’s takeover of the Chicago Stock Exchange, in part because it couldn’t identify the owners. (NYT)• The European Commission will examine whether Linde and Praxair’s $80 billion merger. (FT)• Roche has bought Flatiron Health, an electronic records company with a focus on cancer treatments, for $1.9 billion. (CNBC)• A lawsuit against CVS raises questions about what its proposed deal with Aetna might do to drug and services prices. (Axios)• Standard Life Aberdeen’s loss of a big client has stoked fears about the £11 billion merger that created the giant asset manager. (FT)What had been regarded as one of the best-run regional banks has had to pay $613 million to settle accusations that it wasn’t doing enough to stop money laundering.More from Emily Flitter of the NYT:The upside: U.S. Bancorp’s actions weren’t as bad as HSBC’s or Standard Charter’s.Elsewhere in regulation: Dual-class stock structure of the sort that let Mark Zuckerberg and the Ford family control their companies should have a time limit, according to the Democratic S.E.C. commissioner Robert Jackson Jr.The regulatory long read: Check out ProPublica’s investigation into how Mick Mulvaney is loosening regulations on Wells Fargo, payday lenders and more at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.• The Senate rejected two bipartisan bills to protect Dreamers and a much harsher immigration bill backed by President Trump, leaving the fate of the young immigrants uncertain. That raised questions about Congress’s ability to pass any bipartisan legislation.• After another school shooting, Congress is again being criticized on gun regulation. Meanwhile, the White House’s budget proposal would reduce funding for school counselors and violence reduction programs.• A second appeals court ruled against the Trump administration’s travel ban. (NYT)• A former Trump campaign aide, Rick Gates, is close to a plea agreement with Robert Mueller, unnamed sources say. (CNN)• The Trump inaugural committee paid $26 million to a firm set up not long beforehand by a friend of Melania Trump. (NYT)Since its founding nearly five years ago, the men’s grooming company has become an competitor to Procter & Gamble’s Gillette. Now its founders want to create what they describe as a next-generation P. & G.The company’s new financing round, led by Alliance Consumer Growth and Temasek of Singapore, is meant to help it buy stakes in nascent consumer brands. Harry’s has already invested in Hims, which is focused on men’s hair loss prevention. But its founders want to go into products for women, babies and households.More from Michael’s article:Elsewhere in fund-raising: Cellularity, a biotech start-up focused on stem cells, has raised $250 million from Celgene, United Therapeutics and other investors. The goal: turning 100 into the new 60.• The U.S. joined Britain in formally blaming Russia for a huge cyberattack last June that was aimed at Ukraine — but crippled computers worldwide. (NYT)• After the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., Russian bots began spreading pro-gun messages. (Wired)• Instagram blocked access in Russia to posts referring to an opposition leader’s corruption accusations, as a censor had demanded. (BBC)• Salesforce led Fortune’s list of the best companies to work for. (Fortune)• London proposed new rules for Uber drivers, including shorter shifts and more wheelchair-accessible vehicles. Uber is suggesting a 24-hour hotline to report “bad experiences.”• Evan Spiegel doesn’t regret taking Snap public. (Fortune)• How allegations of fraud and sexual harassment at Singularity University cost it Google’s support and raised questions about its mission. (Bloomberg Businessweek)• Priceline wants to muscle in on Airbnb’s turf. (The Information)Two industry groups will merge to create a self-regulating body, according to people involved in the negotiation. It’s the latest sign that the crackdown investors had feared isn’t happening.So expect more buyers to emerge:Where’s Bitcoin today: Just under $10,000, according to CoinMarketCap.Elsewhere in digital money: A crypto miner in Brooklyn was ordered to shut down after causing reception problems for T-Mobile users. Coincheck is being sued by investors whose assets it froze after a heist last month.• Andrew Chen, Uber’s head of growth, has left to become a general partner at Andreessen Horowitz. (Recode)• NBC promoted Lisa Katz and Tracey Pakosta as co-presidents of scripted entertainment, replacing Jennifer Salke as she heads to Amazon. (NYT)• IBM has sued Microsoft over its poaching of Lindsay-Rae McIntyre as chief diversity officer, pointing to a noncompete clause in her contract. (Axios)— Steve Schwarzman, who gave $25 million to his old public high school, on seeking alumni donations.• A playboy model’s account of her claimed affair with Donald Trump features hotel-room meetings, payoffs and complex legal agreements. (New Yorker)• SRS Investment Management is seeking to shake up the board at Avis Budget Group, where it’s the largest investor. (WSJ)• Children’s book publishing is facing a #MeToo moment, with complaints about prominent writers and editors. (NYT)• Amazon Studios will continue to make “Transparent” without Jeffrey Tambor, who has been accused of sexual harassment. (NYT)• Britain’s proposal for how financial services would operate after Brexit involves staying in line with E.U. rules but ceding authority to a dispute resolution mechanism. (FT)• The James Beard Foundation has advised the people who nominate and vote for winners of its award to consider whether they also possess “the values of respect, transparency, diversity, sustainability and equality.” (NYT)• Cyril Ramaphosa, South Africa’s new president, faces a familiar challenge: making the economy into a source of progress for the masses. (NYT)• Brian Niccol transformed Taco Bell’s fortunes. Can he do the same at Chipotle? (NYT)• The corporate investigator Peter Humphrey gave an account of the nearly two years he spent in prison in China after being hired to look into a former GlaxoSmithKline executive there. (FT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com. Good Monday. Here’s what we’re watching:• We’ve been parsing Warren Buffett’s annual letter to shareholders.• Stock investors beware: Inflation could soon jump.• Broadcom moves closer to striking a deal with Qualcomm, but the two remain far apart on price.• The Weinstein Company will file for bankruptcy.• Fidelity is rethinking its stock-picker system.• Businesses are reconsidering their relationships with the gun industry.• United Parcel Service has sued the European Commission after it blocked a 2013 deal for the Dutch delivery company TNT Express, which was later bought by its shipping rival FedEx.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.Warren Buffett's annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders, released on Saturday, showed that the company had substantially increased its holdings of Apple stock.The wager has done pretty well already. Berkshire Hathaway started gobbling up Apple stock just over a year ago. At the end of last year, its Apple position had a market value of $28.2 billion, according to the letter. The position cost Berkshire $21 billion, the letter said, which suggests a gain of $7.2 billion, or over 30 percent. The bet also outperformed a soaring stock market. In the past 12 months, Apple stock is up 31 percent, versus 17 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index.What do the numbers say now? Apple, by some metrics, looks cheap. Its price-to-earnings ratio, a valuation yardstick that compares a company’s per-share profits to its stock price, is 15.5 times forecasted earnings for 2018. Facebook’s stock is at 26 times, Google is at 27 times, and Amazon is at a dizzying 184 times. Apple’s ratio is even smaller than the overall market’s. The bullish theory: Apple’s stock price will keep rising as investors come to see that it is undervalued.But shouldn’t investors have realized this years ago? Apple, after all, is a famous company, and investors have long been aware of its fat profit margins, its grip on consumers and its ability to generate billions of dollars of cash flow. But Apple is unimpressive in a way that often worries investors: It is a slower growing company. Google, Facebook and Amazon are all expected to increase their sales at a significantly faster clip than the 10 percent that Apple achieved in 2017.It would take a large number of additional iPhone sales, at higher prices, for Apple to have the sales growth of Google. And for premium priced products in a saturated market, generating higher sales can be tough, as weak demand for Apple’s iPhone X shows.Could investors become more bullish? It’s hard to know exactly why investors become willing to pay a lot more for certain companies. Amazon’s share price is up over 160 percent over the past two years, a period when business was strong, but not markedly stronger than investors expected. Sometimes the herd just changes its mind. And there are plenty of ways in which Apple excels. Speaking to CNBC on Monday, Mr. Buffett enthused about one. Once consumers own, say, an iPhone, they have a tendency to stay loyal to Apple products. “You are very, very, very locked in, at least psychologically and mentally, to the product you are using,” he said.— Peter EavisWith the stock market regaining much of the ground it lost after its steep sell-off earlier this month, it might seem like investors are done worrying about higher inflation.They may want to keep fretting, though.James W. Paulsen, a stock market strategist at the Leuthold Group, put out some new research on Monday that suggests that the inflation rate, 2.1 percent in January, could move a lot higher in coming months. Economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York calculate a metric that draws on both economic and financial data to try and assess the amount of inflation that is brewing in the economy. One version of the New York Fed’s “underlying inflation gauge” rose by 3 percent in January. Mr. Paulsen took historical data for this yardstick and found that, in the past, it was quite a good predictor of actual inflation. “Although not perfect and while the lead/lag relationship varies over time, the underlying inflation gauge has done a good job of forecasting future movements in the core inflation rate during the next 18 months,” he wrote. If this relationship holds up, inflation could be 2.6 percent by the end of this year, and 3 percent by the middle of 2019, Mr. Paulsen wrote. Of course, the relationship might break down in the near future.Higher inflation would lead to higher bond yields (bond investors require a larger payout to protect themselves against inflation.) In turn, the higher bond yields would make stocks look more expensive (why pay up for stocks when bond payments are increasing in value?) As a result, stocks could sell off, if the yields on bellwether bonds like the 10-year Treasury note keeps spiking.On Monday, the 10-year Treasury yield dipped to 2.86 percent, from 2.87 percent on Friday. Stocks moved higher. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index closed up 1.2 percent and is now just 3.2 percent off the high it reached just before its plunge at the start of this month.— Peter EavisBut the two remain far apart on price.On Monday, Qualcomm’s board in a letter to Hock Tan, Broadcom’s chief executive, said the two sides have made progress addressing Qualcomm’s regulatory concerns and proposed the two companies hold a meeting that focuses on negotiating the price.From the statement accompanying the letter:ButSo what price is Qualcomm pushing for? The FT reports that “Qualcomm is insisting that Broadcom raises its offer by at least 15 percent to above $90 per share, up from its current $79 per share bid.”Republican politicians in Georgia, where Delta Air Lines is headquartered, are hitting back at the company, reports Leslie Josephs of CNBC.Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle tweeted:Rick Jeffares, a candidate for lieutenant governor and former Georgia state senator, weighed in with:Writes Ms. Josephs:He certainly sees the need.In his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders, Mr. Buffett said:But will he have the opportunity?Mr. Buffett bemoaned the sky-high purchase prices that “proved a barrier to virtually all deals we reviewed in 2017.”Critics’ corner• Tara Lachapelle of Bloomberg Gadfly writes: “The best way Buffett can solidify his legacy is by returning to the M&A market with the same force and determination he’s always shown. He may need to pay more than he wants to, but what’s a little extra to Berkshire in the long run?”• Mr. Buffett is on the wrong side of a generational shift, writes John Foley in Breakingviews. In contrast, BlackRock and Vanguard have waded in and called for companies to do good. That attitude is already baked into the Buffett view, Mr. Foley writes, “But notions of what’s now referred to as ESG — environmental, social and governance factors — are otherwise fuzzy in Berkshire’s universe.”Other highlights from the letter• Berkshire’s windfall of $29.6 billion from the U.S. tax overhaul was only slightly offset by $1.4 billion of tax payments on repatriated earnings. Mr. Buffett did not expand on his recent criticisms of tax cuts. Read more about what he did focus on here.• Mr. Buffett railed against a new accounting rule that will affect future quarterly and annual reports. The change requires companies to include in earnings the gains and losses on stocks they hold but have not sold. Because Berkshire holds $170 billion of stocks, the impact on Berkshire’s bottom line could be significant.Peter Eavis of The Times notes:RelatedMichael Kives, a longtime Hollywood agent at Creative Artists Agency who has consulted and represented Mr. Buffett — as well as Mikhail Gorbachev, Katy Perry and Jessica Alba, among others — is striking out on his own with a new firm, K5. It will provide advisory services for companies “across media, sports, technology, finance, politics, and a variety of other industries,” according to an announcement expected to go out later today.United Parcel Service has sued European antitrust regulators for a decision they made five years ago that blocked its takeover of the Dutch delivery company TNT Express, according to a record of court proceedings published on Monday.U.P.S. had pursued the TNT merger in the hope of gaining a larger presence in Europe and in emerging markets, but European officials rejected it because of concerns that the transaction would decrease competition and increase prices.The General Court of the European Union annulled the decision by European Commission regulators last year, in part because the commission had used different economic models at different times to evaluate the deal. The commission, the executive arm of the European Union, has appealed that ruling to Europe’s highest court.Facing a deadline to seek damages, U.P.S. filed a claim in December seeking 1.74 billion euros, or about $2.14 billion, plus interest, according to a notice published on Monday. U.P.S. is also seeking court costs and compensation for any taxes it may have to pay on the damage amount.U.P.S. agreed to acquire TNT in a transaction valued at $6.8 billion in March 2012, but European regulators said they would block the deal because they were worried that a merger would effectively leave the Continent’s shipping market with just two main players: U.P.S. and DHL. U.P.S. withdrew its offer in January 2013.A shipping rival, FedEx Corporation, agreed to acquire TNT in a $4.8 billion deal in 2015, completing the deal after receiving approval from European regulators the next year.— Chad BrayTalks about a sale to a group led by Maria Contreras-Sweet have collapsed. The group had offered to pay about $275 million for the company, plus the assumption of $225 million in debt.The Weinstein board blamed Ms. Contreras-Sweet and one of her primary backers, Ron Burkle.“Late last night, you returned to us an incomplete document that unfortunately does not keep your promises,” it said in a letter. “That is regrettable, but not in our power to change.”The board, which includes Bob Weinstein, accused Ms. Contreras-Sweet’s team of failing to provide funding to keep the studio operating while the deal was completed and said she had proposed new sale conditions that meant the transaction would take much longer to close.The mutual fund giant is considering abandoning the investment process that made its managers famous, unnamed sources told the WSJ.The context The change comes after an outside review of behavior within the stock-picking unit and reports of sexual harassment allegations.More from the WSJ’s Sarah Krouse and Kirsten Grind:Blackstone asked outside fund managers to detail their ownership in companies that make or sell guns by Sunday evening, according to unnamed sources that spoke to the WSJ.Bank of America said it was examining its relationship with the weapons industry, too.And Best Western, Delta Air Lines, MetLife, Symantec and United Airlines joined the ranks of companies cutting ties to the N.R.A. Here’s the list of companies that have distanced themselves so far.The response to the Florida school shooting has happened faster than after previous mass attacks, partly because the survivors are teenagers well versed in the power of social media, The NYT’s Julie Creswell and Tiffany Hsu report.What does this mean for corporate social responsibility?• Mike Allen of Axios: “Be it guns or global warming, a fascinating trend is unfolding in the Trump era: Corporations, under intense social pressure, are filling a void left by governmental gridlock or avoidance.”• Brooke Masters of The FT: “Wading into America’s fundamental divide on gun rights, even in the wake of a tragic school shooting, was probably not the way most chief executives expected to respond to the new enthusiasm for corporate social responsibility. There are big risks involved.”More on gun control• Lawmakers return to Washington today under pressure to break the decades-long inertia on the issue. (NYT)• Thousands turned up for a gun show in Tampa, Fla. One seller of body armor said most of his sales had been to teachers, school administrators and “parents who are scared to death.” (NYT)The rush by Republicans in Congress to overhaul U.S. tax law before the end of last year has complicated planning for individual taxpayers.And things could grow more uncertain as fights are expected over the changes, The NYT’s Jim Tankersley reports.Here’s Jeffrey C. LeSage, vice chairman for the Americas of KPMG’s tax practice:The Washington flyaround • President Trump’s legal team is examining potential routes to provide testimony to the special counsel, including giving written answers to his questions, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• The House Intelligence Committee has released a redacted Democratic memo rebutting claims by Republicans that top officials at the Justice Department and the F.B.I. abused their power in the Russia investigation. (NYT)The Chinese Communist Party announced that it intended to abolish term limits on the presidency.The move has injected new uncertainty into international politics, NYT’s Jane Perlez and Javier Hernández report.The plan could also exacerbate a tense relationship between Beijing and Washington, which is preparing plans to impose tariffs on Chinese imports and to limit Chinese investments in the U.S.Critics’ corner• Christopher Beddor of Breakingviews: “Opaque as it is, international companies and investment firms had grown accustomed to the rules of the Chinese political game as it has been played for two decades. It is rapidly evolving into something new. They should not brush this aside as mere politics.”The China flyaround • Li Shufu, the Chinese businessman who owns the Geely group, acquired a $9 billion stake in Daimler, which makes Mercedes-Benz cars and trucks. Forging ties with Daimler could be tough for Geely, writes Jeffrey Goldfarb of Breakingviews. And the money would have been far better spent on organic growth, Bloomberg Gadfly’s David Fickling argues.• Regulators in control of Anbang indicated that they intend to hold onto the Waldorf Astoria, unnamed sources told the WSJ. But they are listening to offers for other hotels in Anbang’s portfolio.• The challenge for those regulators: They must avoid a fire sale and contagion that could hit healthier financial institutions.• China’s crackdown on outbound deals and heavy debt loads is colliding with pushback from American authorities citing national security concerns. The road from China to the U.S. appears to be largely closed for now, writes Brooke Sutherland of Bloomberg Gadfly.• Tech leaders are envisioning a reinvention of the city. (NYT)• Researchers and technology firms are looking at social media and smartphone use to see if the data reveal changes in physical and mental health. (NYT)• Apple will start storing encryption keys for some iCloud customers in China, raising concerns with some privacy experts. (WSJ)• In the push for self-driving cars, a variety of technology and automotive companies are pursuing efforts to create mapping systems, hoping to beat Google to the punch. (Bloomberg)• Facebook and Google are struggling to contain posts falsely claiming that some survivors of the Florida school shooting were paid actors. (NYT)• Russian spies hacked computers at the 2018 Winter Olympics and tried to make it appear that the intrusion was by North Korea, according to unnamed U.S. officials. (Washington Post)That’s Arianna Simpson, one of the relatively few women who were early cryptocurrency investors.The world of virtual currencies and blockchain has been dominated by men, but female investors and entrepreneurs are trying to change that.• McKinsey has elected Kevin Sneader, the firm’s Asia-Pacific chairman, to lead the consultancy. (FT)• Marianne Lake, JPMorgan’s chief financial officer, has emerged as a contender to succeed Jamie Dimon. (WSJ)• TCI Fund Management, run by the investor Christopher Hohn, and TPG-Axon Management have sued funds managed by the private-equity company IREO over a big Indian real estate bet that has failed to see much of the capital invested returned more than a decade later. (Barron’s)• Deutsche Bank plans to sell a minority stake in its asset management business as part of an initial public offering next month. (Bloomberg)• Saudi Arabia is making overtures to China and Russia for help in diversifying its oil-dependent economy. At stake is the Saudi Aramco public offering and the future of the kingdom’s economic overhaul. (NYT)• Qualcomm said it believed it had made progress in takeover talks with its suitor Broadcom regarding regulatory and other issues. Qualcomm also urged Broadcom to negotiate further over the price of the deal, after having called previous offers an undervaluation. (Reuters)• Investors are borrowing a record amount to buy stocks, which could lead to more volatile financial markets, analysts say. (WSJ)• Volkswagen’s U.S. business has agreed to settle a lawsuit brought by more than 300 diesel vehicle owners over the carmaker’s emissions scandal. (Reuters)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. Here’s what we’re watching:• How to kill off a bank quietly.• Snap just lost nearly $2 billion in market value.• The new tax law is having implications beyond America’s borders.• The Supreme Court helps define what a whistle-blower must do.• Newell Brands named three new directors as it fights with Starboard Value.• Broadcom and Qualcomm are getting feistier in their deal fight.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.The Trump administration has mostly taken a softer stance toward Wall Street, but on Wednesday, it suggested a regulatory change designed to make life harder for the big banks.The change, proposed by the Treasury Department, is arcane, but in a financial crisis, it could be hugely consequential.What is it? The tweak aims to increase the likelihood that a failing bank would be forced into bankruptcy, rather than into a resolution process overseen by the government. The difference might seem insignificant, especially since the current regulatory procedures for winding down a bank, introduced by the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, are stringent and mimic bankruptcy. But the Treasury Department believes that an actual bankruptcy would be preferable. It would make the process of restructuring a failed bank more evenhanded and predictable, according to the Treasury. In turn, investors in the big Wall Street firms, and anyone doing business with them, would become more aware of the losses they could suffer if those firms crashed.But didn’t the financial crisis of 2008 illustrate the grave dangers of allowing a large bank to go into bankruptcy? The disorderly collapse of Lehman Brothers into bankruptcy set off a panic across the global financial system, according to most analyses of the period. And that is why the Dodd-Frank Act set up a way for regulators to seize a large bank and restructure it in a controlled manner, known as the orderly liquidation authority. As with bankruptcy, it envisions making creditors the new owners of a restructured firm. But it added a feature to limit panic. Under Dodd-Frank, regulators can lend to the failed bank. Such a backstop could prevent a further run on the bank. Its customers and creditors would see that the seized bank had sufficient funds to pay them. The government lending mimics the loans that banks make to bankrupt companies.How much of this does the Treasury want to do away with? Not much at all. It recommends using the Dodd-Frank resolution framework “as an emergency tool for use in extraordinary circumstances.” But that’s how the backers of Dodd-Frank saw the process, too. Crucially, the Treasury also wants to keep the emergency government loan. But the Treasury’s proposal does introduce an important and innovative change. It calls for a special type of bankruptcy regime for large financial firms, called Chapter 14. This new regime envisions having a set of specialist judges, working with regulators in the United States and around the world, who could plan for and oversee the bankruptcies of large banks.Would Chapter 14 work in a crisis? Much depends on whether the customers and creditors of the failing bank yank their money, intensifying the run and spreading fear through the system. The Treasury argues that changes since the crisis mean banks have more cash on hand, and banks can now hold off for a short time on paying claims on financial instruments called derivatives (recall, such claims were particularly debilitating for Lehman.) Also, banks must now have detailed plans to put themselves into bankruptcy, though the Treasury last year suggested changes that might make that planning less stringent. Notably, the Treasury hopes to make Chapter 14 effective by deploying a method for restructuring a failed bank that regulators already expect to use under the orderly liquidation authority.This approach rests on turning pre-existing debt owed by a bank’s holding company into new equity at the subsidiaries where the bank does all its business. The theory: If a reassuringly large amount of new equity were created at the subsidiaries, the banks’ creditors and trading partners would feel protected and not withdraw. Indeed, the Treasury says this would eliminate the incentive for counterparties to run.Eliminate is a strong word. In the heat of a crisis, when the scale of a bank’s losses is not known, making it hard to know how much new equity is needed, creditors and trading partners may just head for the exits, crippling the bank. Even so, Aaron Klein, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, said it made a lot of sense to enshrine this formal wind-down procedure in bankruptcy. “Why wouldn’t you want to make bankruptcy better?” he said.And there’s a big reason it might work. Under post-crisis rules, banks must earmark billions of dollars of debt that would be used for creating new equity in a resolution. Put another way, Dodd-Frank has made it possible for the Trump administration to pursue a favored policy goal.— Peter EavisShares of the social media company tumbled 7.4 percent Thursday after Kylie Jenner tweeted that she no longer opens Snapchat.The tweet comes as Snap faces growing criticism from users over the redesign of its app. So far nearly 1.5 million people have retweeted a petition asking Snap to revert to the old version, CNBC reported.Earlier this week analysts at Citi became the latest to downgrade the stock over the negative reaction.Mark May of Citi wrote:European banks with significant operations in New York and other parts of the United States have seen multi-billion dollar hits on their results in the fourth quarter as a result.Changes in corporate tax rates have forced European lenders – and their American counterparts – to recognize so-called deferred tax assets at the end of last year.But, the pain is expected to be short term as most banks, including Barclays and UBS, anticipate the tax rate for their United States operations will be lower future.As earnings season edges toward a close, here is the impact on some of Europe’s largest lenders:• Barclays reported an annual loss of 1.9 billion pounds, or about $2.7 billion after it took a series of charges, including £900 million related to tax changes in the United States. “Given the group’s substantial U.S. operations, this is expected to result in a reduction of the group’s effective tax rate in 2018 and future periods to mid-20 percent,” the bank said on Thursday.• Credit Suisse reported a loss of 2.13 billion Swiss francs, or about $2.3 billion, in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by 2.23 billion francs in income tax expenses related to the reassessment of its deferred tax assets.• Deutsche Bank reported a full-year loss of 497 million euros, or about $612 million. John Cryan, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, said: “Only a charge related to US tax reform at the end of the year meant that we had to post a full-year after-tax loss.”• HSBC reported a pretax profit of $17.2 billion for 2017, but took a charge of $1.3 billion to reflect a reevaluation of its deferred tax balances.• Société Générale said its profit was dragged down in the quarter after it was hit by restructuring charges related to its French retail banking network and the impact of tax reforms in France and in the United States.• UBS fell to a loss in the fourth quarter as a result of a writedown of 2.87 billion francs on deferred tax assets.Keep an eye out for Standard Chartered when it reports its annual results next week.The bank, which is based in Britain, but makes most of its money in Asia, has been recently touting its ability to serve the North American market.— Chad BrayAccording to the Supreme Court, in an opinion written by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, it requires telling the Securities and Exchange Commission, not just your bosses. More from Andrew Ackerman of the WSJ:Peter Henning’s takeThe Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, rejected that reading of the statute. It applied a simple analysis: “Courts are not at liberty to dispense with the condition — tell the S.E.C. — Congress imposed.” By not reporting his suspicions to the S.E.C., he lost the protection afforded whistle-blowers.The maker of Sharpie markers and Elmer’s glue said today that it was adding three new directors amid its fight with Starboard. They are:• James Craigie, the chairman and former C.E.O. of Church & Dwight, the maker of Arm & Hammer• Debra Crew, the former C.E.O. of Reynolds American, the tobacco company• Judith Sprieser, a former C.E.O. of Transora, a services provider for packaged goods companies (who will be nominated at the company’s upcoming annual meeting)What Newell said of the move:What it didn’t say: That this was a response to Starboard, which has criticized Newell’s management team — and is seeking to replace the company’s entire board.— Michael de la MercedRay Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates, the world’s biggest hedge fund, thinks so.Last week, Mr. Dalio said: “The risks of a recession in the next 18-24 months are rising.”Now he says there is a 70 percent chance of one before the next presidential election in 2020, according to Reuters.During an appearance Wednesday at the Harvard Kennedy School’s Institute of Politics, Mr. Dalio said:Broadcom didn’t walk away after Qualcomm raised its takeover bid for NXP Semiconductor, but it did lower its own proposal by $3 a share, to $79. Why? Because the new NXP offer transferred $4.10 per Qualcomm share to NXP investors.Qualcomm responded that the move “made an inadequate offer even worse,” and argued that the NXP deal couldn’t have gotten done at the original price of $110 a share.Looks like we’re headed to a showdown at Qualcomm’s annual meeting on March 6.The deals flyaround• As online streaming booms and 5G gets closer, is now the time for Charlie Ergen to sell Dish Networks? (Gadfly)• Hedge funds like Verition Partners are trying to save the shareholder appraisal process, meant to wring more money from mergers, from a series of adverse court rulings. (FT)• Britain might block Melrose Industries’s hostile takeover of the aerospace supplier GKN on national security grounds. (FT)• Two big U.S. hospital networks, Bon Secours Health System and Mercy Health, have agreed to merge, amid a surge in deal-making in the industry. (WSJ)Why has its growth slowed? A new study by the McKinsey Global Institute suggests that rising consumer demand, as well as what companies produce and which tech they use, drives productivity improvements.More from Peter Eavis’s correspondence with Jaana Remes of McKinsey, one of the study’s authors:In other macro news: Prepare for interest rates to rise, Jay Powell said. Preferably gradually, Randal Quarles added. The saving rate is at a 12-year low. And no one knows why the markets dropped suddenly yesterday.• Mississippi granted a tax break worth up to $6 million to a hotel tied to the Trump family business. So could that violate the emoluments clause? (NYT)• Sam Nunberg, a Trump campaign adviser, is scheduled to meet today with Robert Mueller. And t he special counsel has filed new charges — under seal — against Paul Manafort and Rick Gates.• Congress’s next fight over Dreamers may come with a $1.3 trillion spending bill to avert a government shutdown on March 23. Meanwhile, Melania Trump’s parents have become lawful U.S. residents, perhaps through what the White House denounces as “chain migration.”• Senators James Inhofe, Republican of Oklahoma, and Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, called for a bipartisan infrastructure bill. (WSJ)• Survivors of school shootings shared their stories with President Trump and pleaded for action. (NYT)• Representative Trey Gowdy of the House Oversight Committee demanded documents relating to first-class travel by Scott Pruitt, the head of the E.P.A. (NYT)The bank’s employees are scattered across Midtown Manhattan. So it’s planning a new headquarters, which could be as tall as 75 stories, to house 15,000 workers. (Its current H.Q. — which, fun fact, is where the pistols from Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr’s duel reside — was designed for about 3,500.)The context: The forthcoming JPMorgan skyscraper is the first major project under New York City’s Midtown East rezoning plan. The bank dropped plans for Manhattan’s Far West Side after failing to secure subsidies from the city.Elsewhere in banking:  Barclays lost $2.7 billion last year, hit by the U.S. tax overhaul, but promised to double its dividend. And José Manuel Barroso, chairman of Goldman Sachs International, has been criticized for lobbying the European Commission, which he led until 2014.The carmaker didn’t specify what Raj Nair, the head of its North American operations, did to be fired, only that his ouster arose out of an anonymous tip. But the move adds to turmoil at the struggling company.The context: Ford already apologized to its workers after the NYT investigated longstanding abuses of women at two of its plants in Chicago. And its operations chief in China left earlier this year for pre-Ford “personal reasons.”The misconduct flyaround• The Dallas Mavericks franchise has hired outside counsel to investigate allegations of inappropriate conduct against its former team president.• A national online survey found sexual harassment and assault to be much more common than previous studies had suggested. (NYT)• The former NPR executive Michael Oreskes was warned repeatedly that he was acting inappropriately toward women, and kept doing it, according to an independent investigation. (NYT)• Tom Schumacher, the Disney executive who took “Frozen” to Broadway, has been accused of workplace harassment. (WSJ)• An anonymous chat app is helping lift the lid on sexual harassment in South Korea. (Reuters)The secure messaging service is holding a second private presale before its highly anticipated (and record-breaking) initial coin offering. More from Adrianne Jeffries of The Verge:More in digital money• The S.E.C. charged the virtual currency exchange BitFunder and its founder with fraud. (CNBC)• The Justice Department has made gains on a seized Bitcoin hoard, but has had trouble cashing out. (Fortune)• Some new ways of selling shovels to Bitcoin miners. (WSJ)• Lawmakers in Britain are examining sympathetic ways to regulate digital currencies. (Reuters)• New software at big cryptocurrency exchanges could make Bitcoin transactions cheaper. (CNBC)And Bitcoin’s at $10,676 today, according to CoinMarketCap.• The latest chatbots are impressive. But they might be even better if their inventors weren’t scared of them saying something vile in public. (NYT)• Airbnb is trying to promote its Experiences business as it heads toward an I.P.O., with little success. (WSJ)• Amazon’s Alexa could be the next great consumer computing platform, says Farhad Manjoo. (NYT)• Roger McNamee, an early investor in Facebook, says it could be fixed by charging users for a better News Feed, arranged in cable-style bundles. (WaPo)• Uber will keep investing in Southeast Asia, despite losing money to local rivals. (Reuters)• A former Google engineer has sued the company for discrimination and wrongful termination, saying he fired for responding to racist and sexist encounters. (The Verge)• Naspers of South Africa has become an under-the-radar e-commerce giant and global tech investor. (The Information)• One of Twitter’s solutions for bot accounts: limiting automated tweets. (Axios)• Facebook is using algorithms to flag expressions of suicidal thoughts. (CNBC)• Apple wants to patent a way to count calories burned during yoga. (Axios)• Peter Tague, one of Citigroup’s co-heads of M. & A., is leaving. (WSJ)• Alison Gleeson and Wendy Bahr are the finalists to become Cisco’s global sales chief and No. 2 executive, unnamed sources say. (The Information)• Glassdoor has hired Jim Cox from Lithium Technologies as its C.F.O. It also named Christian Sutherland-Wong as its first C.O.O. and Samantha Zupan as its vice president of global corporate communications. (Glassdoor)• Coinbase is hiring a C.F.O. (Recode)“There is a credibility gap between what they say and the reality of what is to come.”— The Deutsche Bank analyst John Inch on how G.E. executives — including Jeff Immelt — masked problems at the conglomerate with rosy projections and questionable accounting.• Toys “R” Us plans to close another 200 stores and lay off many of its corporate staff after disappointing holiday sales, unnamed sources say. (WSJ)• British officials have been holding talks with Unilever amid fears that the Anglo-Dutch consumer group could choose to have one unified headquarters in Rotterdam, not London. (FT)• Hedge funds are buying planes and leasing them to airlines. (FT)• A fund managed directly by Alan Howard, who made his name with impressive profits during the financial crisis in 2008, lost nearly 9 percent net of fees from May through December. (Reuters)• Greece’s Parliament voted to investigate politicians over allegations of bribery by the Swiss drugmaker Novartis. (Reuters)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• What it takes to be a whistle-blower.• Broadcom whacks Qualcomm for raising its NXP bid.• Untangling the productivity mystery.• How Skadden got involved in the special counsel’s Russia inquiry.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Sigmund Freud is reputed to have said that “sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.” The Supreme Court took that approach in deciding what is required to qualify for protection from retaliation as a whistle-blower.A provision in the Dodd-Frank Act defines a “whistle-blower” as someone who provides “information relating to a violation of the securities laws to the Commission.” That seems simple enough, but the Securities and Exchange Commission made something of a hash out of the requirement by taking an expansive view in a rule aimed at protecting an employee from retaliation even if the person only reports information internally.In Digital Realty Trust v. Somers, a former employee of Digital Realty, Paul Somers, claimed he was terminated after he reported possible securities law violations to senior management. Although he never alerted anyone outside the company, Mr. Somers filed a lawsuit claiming his termination violated the anti-retaliation provision by relying on the S.E.C.’s rule.The Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, rejected that reading of the statute. It applied a simple analysis: “Courts are not at liberty to dispense with the condition—tell the S.E.C.—Congress imposed.” By not reporting his suspicions to the S.E.C., he lost the protection afforded whistleblowers.One of the complaints expressed by companies when the S.E.C. considered the whistle-blower rules was that they did not require employees to report information to management first. The incentive created by the Digital Realty ruling is straightforward: Don’t just tell your boss about possible violations; make a beeline to the S.E.C.’s front door, at least if you want protection from retaliation.— Peter J. HenningThe Dow Jones industrial average rose 139 points in the half-hour after the Federal Reserve released the minutes of its most recent policy meeting at 2 p.m. and was up more than 300 points on the day. Then the index sank 455 points in the final 90 minutes to close down 0.67 percent for the day.Why?There didn’t appear to be anything in the minutes to make investors particularly bearish or bullish.Perhaps the bond market was to blame for the plunge. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which rises as its price falls, kept climbing after the minutes came out, closing at 2.95 percent. Higher bond yields can make stocks look more expensive, prompting investors to sell. As a result, Wednesday’s mini move indicates that the tug of war between the stock and bond markets is still very much on.While we’re on the Fed minutes, it appears that the central bank’s policymakers did not spend much time discussing an indicator that is flashing a warning sign. The data point in question is the saving rate, which recently sank to a 12-year low. With the rate at 2.4 percent of disposable income, a big drop in the stock market, like the one that occurred earlier this month, could prompt consumers to cut their spending. The Fed’s policymakers did not appear overly worried about the saving rate at their last meeting, which was held before the market’s plunge. The minutes state:— Peter EavisQualcomm defied Broadcom’s demand not to raise its takeover bid for NXP on Tuesday by increasing that offer by about 16 percent, to $127.50 a share from $110. Now Broadcom has retaliated.Broadcom shaved $3 per share off its hostile takeover bid for Qualcomm, to $79.Broadcom’s rationale is that the new NXP offer transfers value away from Qualcomm’s shareholders. From the news release:Let’s take a look at the math• Broadcom argues that Qualcomm gave up $4.10 a share, or $6.2 billion, in value to NXP shareholders. In response, it cut its price. At $79 a share, Broadcom’s current offer is just under 13 percent higher than its original offer. (Of course, other elements of Broadcom’s last bid — the $8 billion breakup fee for antitrust reasons, the ticking fee if a deal takes more than 12 months to close — still stand.)• Broadcom also contends privately that had Qualcomm agreed to start deal talks, the two of them could have held firm against NXP shareholders like Elliott Management and Soroban Capital Partners. By giving up less negotiating power to the holdout shareholders, the argument goes, Qualcomm could have recut the NXP deal at a far lower price.• Qualcomm argues privately that the $4.10 a share is nonsense, since the NXP deal a) wasn’t going to get done at $110 a share and b) will still add to its earnings per share price starting in the 2019 fiscal year.The bet on the shareholder meetingBroadcom had previously said that it would walk away if the NXP offer went above $110 a share, but now seems content to take its chances at Qualcomm’s annual shareholder meeting.Broadcom wants six seats on Qualcomm’s board. That campaign gained momentum when the proxy advisers I.S.S. and Glass Lewis recommended that Qualcomm shareholders vote for at least four of its director nominees.A Qualcomm representative didn’t have an immediate comment.How the shares moved today: Qualcomm’s were down 1.5 percent, while Broadcom’s were up slightly. Shares in NXP — the real winner in this deal saga so far — were essentially unchanged.— Michael de la MercedThe deals flyaround• Carl Icahn and Darwin Deason pressed Xerox to pursue alternatives to its complicated deal with Fujifilm. (Reuters)• HNA has borrowed from the private equity firm Pacific Alliance Group, a sign that it may be struggling to raise capital from more traditional sources. (FT)An economy is doing well when companies each year manage to become more productive, or in other words, get more output from their employees and equipment. But productivity for years has grown far more slowly than it did in the past, effectively restraining economic growth. This decline has prompted economists to hunt for causes – and the latest big work on the issue comes from the McKinsey Global Institute. The Upshot’s Neil Irwin does a great job of explaining McKinsey’s main finding:Little in economics is straightforward, however, and McKinsey’s deep dive prompted a couple of questions. Jaana Remes, one of the authors of the work, was kind enough to respond.1) In its report, McKinsey notes that the slow down in productivity growth was noticeable before the financial crisis. What caused that? And to what degree did those causes contribute to the decline in productivity growth after the financial crisis? This is important because these forces could continue to weigh on productivity.In the years leading up to 2008, the productivity improvements that started in the 1990s with the introduction of information technology were largely complete, Ms. Remes explains. Important new technologies can often take well over 10 years to have a big impact on productivity, she adds. The optimistic take, though, is that we can in the coming years expect to see big benefits as companies further automate, and introduce artificial intelligence.2) If a sluggish economy can create the conditions for weak productivity, why did France, Spain and Italy, whose economies were anemic in the period under study, have significantly better productivity performances than faster-growing countries?First, the numbers: From 2010 to 2014, labor productivity grew by 1.4 percent a year in Spain and 1 percent in France, well in excess of the negative 0.2 percent rate for Britain and the United States. Why was that? Because Britain and the United States had made superior productivity gains before 2010. That made it harder for the two countries to notch similarly strong productivity growth in the years after the financial crisis. By contrast, France and Spain, which had made far fewer productivity gains before 2010, were able to eke out at least some afterward. Ms. Remes also points out that a big cause of Spain’s post-2010 gain came from a reduction in hours worked. That might be described as the least desirable way to bolster productivity because it implies a reduction in incomes for workers. The most economically beneficial type of productivity gain occurs when output per employee increases as hours worked grow.— Peter EavisNew research posted by France’s central bank, the Banque de France, shows that the largest companies in the United States now account for a significantly larger share of production. This dominance, the paper asserts, could allow the companies to enjoy “monopoly rents,” the term economists use to describe the subsidies companies enjoy if their business is protected in ways that are not available to other firms.David Wessel, writing for Harvard Business Review, also recently took a look at whether dominant companies are holding the economy back.— Peter EavisThe largest United States bank by assets announced that it plans to tear down its current headquarters at 270 Park Ave. and build 2.5 million square-foot modern tower in its place.The new headquarters has yet to be designed, but it is expected, according to Bloomberg, to be between 70 and 75 stories and house 15,000 employees. The current headquarters was designed in the late 1950s for about 3,500 employees, JPMorgan said.During construction, employees will be temporarily moved 237, 245 and 277 Park Ave. and 383 and 390 Madison Ave., Bloomberg reported citing a person familiar with the matter.The tower would be the first major project under New York City’s Midtown East rezoning plan, designed to encourage office construction in the area.The job recruiting site said Wednesday that it has hired Jim Cox as its C.F.O., as part of a series of high-level executive appointments.Mr. Cox was most recently at Lithium Technologies, a maker of customer relationship management software.Here’s what Robert Hohman, Glassdoor’s C.E.O. and co-founder, said: “We are pleased to welcome Jim to Glassdoor as our new CFO as he brings a proven track record of building and managing financial operations and teams at high-growth technology companies.”Glassdoor also appointed Christian Sutherland-Wong, most recently its general manager of monetization, as its first chief operating officer, and Samantha Zupan, a longtime executive, as its vice president of global corporate communications.— Michael de la MercedThe giant law firm’s work for the former Trump campaign manager — who has been charged with several criminal acts by Robert Mueller’s inquiry into Russian election interference — has come into question after a former Skadden associate entered a guilty plea in the investigation.More from Kenneth Vogel and Andrew Kramer of the NYT:Skadden’s response: It fired the associate in question, Alex van der Zwaan, last year, and is cooperating with Mr. Mueller’s team.Elsewhere in Russian election meddling: Here’s what we still don’t know about Facebook’s role. Chris Hughes, a co-founder, said Facebook must do more to prevent foreign interference. President Trump blamed Barack Obama for not being tougher on Russia. And meet the  oligarch who helped fund Russia’s troll agency.The judge overseeing the Justice Department’s lawsuit to block the $85.4 billion takeover of Time Warner denied AT&T’s request to see government communications about the case. He ruled that AT&T had not “made a credible showing” that the White House had singled it out for retribution.More from Cecilia Kang of the NYT:AT&T had already agreed to take the Justice Department’s antitrust chief, Makan Delrahim, off the witness list — but could call him during the trial if needed.The trial begins March 19.Symptom A: Albertsons buying Rite Aid to gain scale and enter the pharmacy businessSymptom B: Walmart’s online sales growing just 23 percent in the fourth quarter, after it splashed out on Jet.com, Bonobos and moreMore from Michael Corkery and Chad Bray of the NYT:Critics’ corner• Of Walmart, Jennifer Saba of Breakingviews writes, “Longer term, failure online is an existential risk.” But Elizabeth Winkler of Heard on the Street says, “Given its huge size, investors need to temper their growth expectations.”• Of the Rite Aid deal, Max Nisen and Tara Lachapelle of Gadfly write, “There aren’t a lot of appealing options out there, and Albertsons had largely exhausted them.”Elsewhere in Amazon news• Why would Amazon employees working on the HQ2 search be interested in an article about Arlington, Va.? Hmm. (ARL Now)• Amazon now sells its own line of over-the-counter drugs. (CNBC)• A closer look at Jeff Bezos’s 10,000-year clock. (CNBC)• Start-ups that take money from the Alexa Fund should still fear Amazon’s competition. (The Information)• Mr. Trump ordered the Justice Department to regulate bump stocks. But the Florida legislature rejected a bill that would have banned many semiautomatic weapons and large-capacity magazines. And a Florida teachers’ pension plan had held a stake in the maker of the rifle used in the Parkland school shooting.• A clampdown by John Kelly on interim security clearances has upset Jared Kushner, who has one. (NYT)• The advocacy group Common Cause filed complaints with the Justice Department and the Federal Election Commission over reports of $150,000 being paid to a former Playboy Playmate who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump. (WSJ)• The Trump administration wants to sell nuclear reactors to Saudi Arabia, even though the kingdom won’t accept nonproliferation restrictions. (WSJ)• The U.S. sold $179 billion worth of debt yesterday, now that the debt ceiling is no longer an immediate issue. (Bloomberg)From Peter Eavis:For the first time — and after much protest — public companies must report their employees’ median pay and compare it with that of their C.E.O.s. (It’s thanks to Dodd-Frank.)Honeywell disclosed last week that its C.E.O., Darius Adamczyk, took home $16.8 million last year, 333 times median employee pay.Ratios at other companies:• Teva Pharmaceuticals’ was 302:1• Apollo Global Management’s was 1:1 (if you exclude, as Apollo did, Leon Black’s $91 million in dividends from his stock holdings)From Matthew Goldstein:A Manhattan federal judge rejected a motion by his Point72 Asset Management to temporarily seal the complaint in a sexual discrimination lawsuit against the firm by Lauren Bonner, an employee who described the firm as a testosterone-fueled “boys’ club.”The judge said the request was “not narrowly tailored” and ran counter to the “presumption of public access” to court records.Point72 is trying to push the case into arbitration, and said the complaint revealed details of other employees’ compensation.Elsewhere in sexual misconduct: Sports Illustrated published an investigation into a corrosive culture inside the Dallas Mavericks N.B.A. franchise.• How the founders of a price comparison site ended up as antitrust crusaders taking on Google. (NYT)• The dominance of tech giants like Facebook and Amazon could harm productivity and economic growth, according to Banque de France. And George Soros’s Open Society organization is examining ways to push back against those companies.• Apple is in talks to buy directly from miners to secure long-term supplies of cobalt, according to unnamed sources. (It’s vital for batteries.) But don’t expect the Democratic Republic of Congo to become a real-life Wakanda.• Facebook and Twitter fall short in enforcing rules against impersonation. (NYT)• A.I. is getting cheaper to make — and to manipulate. (NYT)• Spotify’s co-founders plan to keep control through super-voting shares, unnamed sources say. (Bloomberg)• Google has revamped its payments service to better compete against Apple Pay Cash. (CNBC)The embattled country is pushing ahead with the presale of the “petro,” backed by its oil reserves, hoping to pay down debt and increase imports. President Nicolás Maduro called it a “cryptocurrency to take on Superman.” But few people give it much hope.Some questions: Would buying the currency run afoul of U.S. sanctions? Can you trust the Venezuelan government to maintain the link between the petro and oil reserves? And how will pricing work?Elsewhere in digital money• Long Blockchain — yes, that company — replaced its C.E.O. and announced plans to spin off its iced beverages business, while trying to avoid being delisted by Nasdaq.• Airbus and Mercedes-Benz have hired a blockchain consultancy run by U.C. Berkeley students. (The Information)• Hackers broke into a Tesla-owned Amazon cloud account to use it for mining virtual currencies. (Fortune)• You missed your chance of free Bitcoins. (Reuters)And Bitcoin’s at $11,308.70 today, according to CoinMarketCap.• Jeff Hildebrand, the billionaire oil mogul, has stepped down as the C.E.O. of Hilcorp, though he’ll remain executive chairman. (Bloomberg)• The C.E.O. of Gap’s namesake brand, Jeff Kirwan, has stepped down as the label continues to struggle. (WSJ)• The C.E.O. of the Mayo Clinic, John Noseworthy, plans to step down by year end. (Axios)• A Republican plan to let people pay for time off with a new baby by collecting social security benefits early has raised concerns about putting women into more precarious positions in retirement. (NYT)• If the U.S. had to face a recession, it would have few stabilizing tools at its disposal. (NYT)• The Weinstein Company has formally responded to one of the class-action lawsuits it faces, saying Harvey Weinstein acted alone and that the statute of limitations had run out on some of the claims. (Deadline)• The slide in the dollar has less to do with U.S. policies and fundamentals and more to do with investors preferring turnaround stories in Europe and Japan, says Goldman Sachs. (Bloomberg)• Outstanding Hospitality Management, which operates airport restaurant spaces, sued the Kushner Companies over a planned food hall at the former NYT Building in Manhattan. (Bloomberg)• Li Yonghong, owner of the soccer club A.C. Milan, denied reports in the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that he was selling assets to settle debts. (BBC)• Ray Dalio’s $22 billion bet is against large European companies, but ones with far more economic exposure to the rest of the world than to Europe. (FT)• Glencore is grappling with how to pay Dan Gertler, a former partner who has been placed under sanctions by the U.S. government. It will owe him as much as $200 million in royalties over two years. (WSJ)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com. Good Wednesday. Here’s what we’re watching:• Tesla’s much-awaited fourth quarter results.• Athenahealth names Jeff Immelt as chairman.• Senate leaders reach a deal to raise spending.• Shares of Snap jumped 40 percent after it reported results.• Trump: Investors are making a mistake.• What’s next for the Wynn empire now its founder has gone?• Send us your questions for the C.E.O.s of Merck, Stitch Fix and Salesforce for Corner Office.Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.The headline numbers were okay: Tesla reported a loss of $3.04 per share, narrower than the $3.20 per share that analysts surveyed by Bloomberg were forecasting. Tesla took in $3.29 billion of revenue in the fourth quarter, more or less in line with the $3.28 billion that analysts were expecting.But a crucial measure of profitability disappointed. Tesla’s gross margin in its automotive business, which reveals the profitability of actually producing its cars, came in at 13.8 percent, below the “about 15 percent” that Tesla itself forecast when it reported third-quarter results.The culprit? The Model 3, Tesla’s first mass-market car. Many of the costs associated with the Model 3 are being booked in the income statement but difficulties in producing the car mean sales are low. As a result, the gross margin on the Model 3 was negative and is expected to remain so in the first quarter of 2018, Tesla said. The company did not specify how negative the gross margin on the Model 3 was.Tesla tried to be reassuring. The company said it was on track to produce 5,000 Model 3s by the middle of 2018. The company had pushed back when it would hit this 5,000 vehicle target last month. But Tesla did not sound overly confident about achieving its Model 3 milestones. The company said:Cash flow may not be as impressive as it looked. In the fourth quarter, Tesla brought in $510 million of operating cash flow, a big turnaround from an outflow of $301 million in the prior three months. How did Tesla pull this off? The company said the increase was achieved in part by doing a better job collecting the money it is owed and by reducing its inventory of finished vehicles. But the company’s balance sheet showed a nearly $500 million increase in short-term liabilities in the fourth quarter. In other words, the amounts Tesla owes its customers and suppliers went up. It may be tough to keep generating cash flow in this fashion.It wouldn’t be a Tesla call without something for the bulls: Elon Musk said on the call that “2018 is likely to be a very big year for Tesla” and that he is optimistic Tesla will be GAAP profitable. “It’s not certain, but I’m cautiously optimistic,” Mr. Musk said.— Peter EavisSince stepping down from General Electric last year, Jeff Immelt has certainly been keeping busy. He interviewed for the Uber C.E.O. position and joined the venture capital firm New Enterprise Associates as a partner.Now he is adding “chairman of a fast-growing health company” to his titles.Athenahealth, a provider of electronic medical records software, announced Wednesday that it has hired Mr. Immelt as its chairman, capping a monthslong search for the position.The contextThe move adds a veteran corporate chieftain to oversee the fast-growing company, particularly as it seeks to prove that it’s capable of maturing.Athenahealth had been under pressure last year from Elliott Management, which disclosed a 9.2 percent stake in the company last spring and pressed for operational changes. Jonathan Bush, the company’s founder and C.E.O. (and a cousin of George W. Bush) credited the activist investor with helping him realize that a shake-up was necessary.The company beat earnings and revenue estimates in its fourth quarter.For Mr. Immelt, joining Athenahealth is in keeping with his interest in the health care business, a focus of his at G.E.What the principals say about the appointment• “I literally feel like I just scored a decade’s worth of guitar lessons from Elvis,” Mr. Bush said in a telephone interview.• “I’m convinced that this platform at Athenahealth can be one of the transformational platforms for health care,” Mr. Immelt said, adding, “I’m a junkie for the industry.”The big questionCan a founder who has run the company since its beginning take direction from an outsider? Mr. Bush said that with Mr. Immelt, the answer is yes.“I feel like I’m doing less marriage counseling with 12 adults,” Mr. Bush said of his board, adding that Mr. Immelt would be a partner to take advice from (and occasionally whine to).An outside perspective“What Jeff brings is an understanding of scale on a couple of dimensions, not only in terms of people and processes but also how you think about scaling with your partners.”— Henry Ellenbogen of T. Rowe Price, one of Athenahealth’s biggest shareholders, said in a phone interview.— Michael J. de la MercedThomas Kaplan of the NYT reports that Senators Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and Chuck Schumer of New York, his Democratic counterpart, have struck a far-reaching agreement that would add hundreds of billions of dollars to military and domestic programs over the next two years.The deal would:• raise the spending caps by about $300 billion over two years, according to a congressional aide.• increase the limit on military spending by $80 billion in the current fiscal year and $85 billion in the next year, which begins Oct. 1, the aide said.• increase the limit on nondefense spending by $63 billion this year and $68 billion next year.The bigger pictureCritics corner• Hard-line conservatives were unsparing in their assessment of the deal.• Representative Nancy Pelosi, the leader of House Democrats, said she could not agree to any budget deal that was not accompanied by a debate over legislation to protect the fate of young immigrants brought to the country illegally as children, known as Dreamers.Shares of the messaging and media company surged nearly 40 percent to $19.49 in recent trading. That’s their highest level since June and well above its initial public offering price of $17 a share.The jump comes after the company reported results after the close on Tuesday. David Streitfeld of the NYT writes:The bigger pictureThe results have helped quell some of the concerns about the company’s slowing revenue and user growth in the face of increased competition from the likes of Facebook.Critics cornerRoss Sandler of Barclays: “We think shares could continue to grind higher as the narrative changes from 2017’s ‘FB is going to crush SNAP’ to 2018’s “users and revenue accelerate and the platform is under-monetized”. Shares are expensive (8.3x our FY19 revenue estimate), but everything is accelerating, and as we’ve seen repeatedly in consumer internet, these inflection points are not likely one-quarter events.”Daniel Ives of GBH Insights: “This eye popping top-line beat was a ‘shocker’ and was a stark contrast to the overwhelming bear sentiment heading into the 4Q print and speaks to a company with strong growth prospects, albeit clear business challenges ahead to iron out in 2018. After much pain that investors have endured since SNAP went public, this quarter was finally a breath of fresh air that gives new life to the SNAP turnaround story in 2018.”President Trump, who has taken credit for a rising stock market as a measure of his own success, complained on Twitter Wednesday that “good (great) news” in the economy led to an abrupt decline in stock prices, his first comments about the stock market since its sharp drop earlier this week.In the early-morning tweet, Mr. Trump lamented that in the “old days,” stocks would rise on good economic news, saying “Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake.” The tweet did not elaborate on what he meant by the “old days” or explain further his analysis of why stocks plummeted on Friday and Monday.Until Wednesday’s tweet, the president had been unusually silent about the stock market, which has been rocked by volatility, including a decline in the Dow Jones industrial average of almost 7 percent over two days. At one point on Monday, the Dow was down almost 1,600 points, or about 6 percent of its total value, the markets plunging at the same moment as Mr. Trump was giving a speech in Blue Ash, Ohio. It closed that day down 1,175 points.Mr. Trump’s assertion that the fall was pegged to good economic news stems from Friday’s job report, which showed wages beginning to rise as the economy nears full employment.— Michael D. Shear and Alan RappeportThe bigger pictureWelcome to the end of easy money, as strengthening economies lead to higher wages and tighter unemployment — and potentially to central bankers raising interest rates.President Trump’s tax cut was meant to supercharge growth in an economy already doing fine. (Though Eduardo Porter notes that productivity is low and new business formation has slowed.) Economists and analysts are increasingly worried that the tax overhaul will do the opposite of what it was intended to.Steve Wynn resigned yesterday as the C.E.O. of Wynn Resorts after allegations of sexual misconduct. Those accusations have created an important test for corporate America.In recent months, many powerful men have had to step down from senior positions as they have faced accusations of sexual harassment, but none were the head of a public company like Mr. Wynn. How would the board, shareholders, regulators, customers and unions react?We now know something about the shareholder perspective: Shares in Wynn Resorts were up 7 percent in early-morning trading today. Regulators in Nevada, Massachusetts and Macau are still conducting their own investigations.But the biggest unresolved question remains the board and its conduct.The board set up a committee of independent directors to carry out an investigation after the WSJ article, but it was not clear how rigorous it would be. The board did not have a track record for holding Mr. Wynn accountable.In an email exchange with me, Lucian Bebchuk, a Harvard law professor and an expert in corporate governance, asked why the board did not suspend Mr. Wynn from his position pending the investigation, or demand that he not interact with Wynn Resorts employees, a step that would have limited his ability to influence the board investigation.In fact, the board, in its statement, sounded somewhat saddened by Mr. Wynn’s departure, saying it had “reluctantly” accepted his resignation.One remaining way to assess the board’s resolve will be Mr. Wynn’s separation agreement, which is not yet finalized.When the WSJ article was published, Mr. Wynn denied the accusations of sexual misconduct, calling them “preposterous.” On Tuesday he said, “I have found myself the focus of an avalanche of negative publicity.”It is not clear why Mr. Wynn decided to step down. It may have been pressure from gaming regulators. Customers might have been pulling back.Mr. Wynn may have wanted to preserve the value of his own stake in Wynn Resorts. But as it stands, it does not look like the board was a strong force.— Peter EavisSteve Wynn has stepped down from his $17 billion casino empire, a little over a week after allegations of forced sex and other sexual misconduct claims emerged in a WSJ investigation.There had been little sense at Wynn Resorts over the last week that the man who made modern Las Vegas was on his way out:He also attended the company’s 1,500-guest Super Bowl party on Sunday, the WSJ says.In a statement, Mr. Wynn blamed his exit on “a rush to judgment” that took “precedence over everything, including the facts.”The intrigue: The company’s news release reads almost like a corporate eulogy, calling Mr. Wynn a “beloved leader and visionary.” So why the sudden exit? (Our colleague Peter Eavis will weigh in on DealBook this morning.)The big questions• Do other S. & P. 500 C.E.O.s now have something to fear?• And is the Wynn empire — from Las Vegas to Macau to, soon, Massachusetts — now ripe for a takeover or breakup?Critics’ corner• “While there are plenty of jobs for women as waitresses and croupiers, far too few rise to the levels at which they have the power to make a change,” David Fickling writes. (Gadfly)• “It’s easy for a company in turmoil, especially one so closely associated with a celebrity founder that has effectively been forced out, to become prey,” Jeff Goldfarb writes. (Breakingviews)The billionaire Los Angeles doctor joins Jeff Bezos, Sheldon Adelson and Warren Buffett after he reached a deal to buy the L.A. Times and the San Diego Union-Tribune from Tronc for nearly $500 million. The deal price includes the assumption of $90 million in pension liabilities.LAT staff have chafed at the decisions of Tronc and its chairman, Michael Ferro. More from Sydney Ember of the NYT:Separately, Tronc said it is reorganizing its Tribune Interactive business. The company said Ross Levinsohn, the publisher of the Los Angeles Times who was put on leave after National Public Radio published a report that detailed allegations of sexual harassment against him when he was at other companies, will be reinstated and named the chief executive of Tribune Interactive.The deals flyaround• SoftBank said it had spent $40 billion from its roughly $106 billion Vision Fund and Delta Fund, and that it plans to spin out its Japanese mobile unit.• Google is expanding its New York headquarters, agreeing to buy the building across the street — which is home to Chelsea Market — for more than $2 billion. (Real Deal)• An activist investor, Blackwells Capital, urged the supermarket chain Supervalu to break itself up, and plans a proxy fight. (WSJ)As the stocks calmly glided higher in 2017, investors from hedge fund titans to day traders poured billions in to bets that volatility would continue to fall.Those wagers blew up this week.Now investors are selling the exchange company behind the trading in volatility.Shares of the C.B.O.E. Global Markets, whose volatility index facilitated those wagers, are down 17 percent since the start of the sell-off. Thursday they are off 3 percent.The reason? Concern that demand for VIX futures could drop after a blowup in some popular products that use them to bet on falling volatility in the stock market, writes MoneyBeat’s Ben Eisen.Critics cornerKenneth Worthington, JPMorgan Chase: “Given VIX has been a key growth driver of CBOE, we also see the potential for a deterioration in CBOE valuation.”Alexander Blostein, Goldman Sachs, via CNBC: “While we remain optimistic around the firm’s longer-term growth prospects... we expect the unwind in VIX exchange-traded products (including any potential further unwind of these products) to weigh on Cboe’s VIX futures franchise, creating headwinds to the firm’s top-line growth and potentially the stock’s valuation.”Blame the VIX/machines/debt?• Analysts took a closer look at the “inverse VIX” trade — bets on a continued fall in the popular Wall Street volatility index that went very sour on Monday and forced a lot of selling.• Steven Mnuchin suggested yesterday that algorithms might be behind the whipsawing: “I have heard from others that it has played a role, as there’s more programmed trading, this tends to have volatility in both directions.”• Carl Icahn said exotic investment funds and lots of leverage had made the markets a “casino on steroids.”Think about the deals: A Turkish franchisee of Burger King restaurants postponed its market debut yesterday, while deal makers worry that a steady stream of big mergers will dry up.• Mr. Trump called for a government shutdown if Congress did not address illegal immigration, even as lawmakers work on a two-year budget deal. John Kelly, his chief of staff, derided Dreamers who did not register for protected status.• The White House says it will explain the “principles” of its infrastructure plan on Monday. (CNBC)• The U.S. had a record trade deficit with China last year, potentially encouraging a tougher line from the Trump administration. (NYT)• Mr. Trump wants the Pentagon to hold a big — and rare — military parade in Washington this year. (WaPo)On one side: Brian Chesky, the home rental giant’s co-founder and C.E.O., who wants it kept private a while yet.On the other, supporting an I.P.O. this year, according to Bloomberg’s unnamed sources: the C.F.O. Laurence “L.T.” Tosi and the Airbnb investors General Atlantic, Glade Brook Capital, TCV and TPG.More from Olivia Zaleski:Ultimately, Mr. Tosi — who didn’t see eye to eye with Mr. Chesky on other issues and generally did not fit in at Airbnb — resigned.An Airbnb spokesman denied there was ever any intent to pursue an I.P.O. this year.Bonus trivia: Mr. Tosi set up a hedge fund of sorts at Airbnb, which was responsible for 30 percent of Airbnb’s cash flow last year and made about $60 million.The tech flyaround• Goldman Sachs’s retail arm is in talks to offer financing for Apple customers, unnamed sources say. (WSJ)• Snap bolstered revenue and user growth in the fourth quarter, and investors rejoiced. (NYT)• At the Uber-Waymo trial, Travis Kalanick kept calm and talked about his “jam sesh” with the autonomous-driving engineer at the center of the dispute. (NYT)• Senators criticized Uber for how it handled a 2016 data breach. Meanwhile, the company is hoping to offer air taxis by 2025, through a deal with Bell Helicopter, and is giving its U.S. riders exclusive Winter Olympics content.• A pollster hired by Facebook to track public sentiment about Mark Zuckerberg said he left after coming to believe the company wasn’t good for society. (The Verge)• European regulators are closely examining Apple’s bid for the music app Shazam. And Apple might give rebates to users who bought iPhone battery replacements before it discounted them.The S.E.C. and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission told senators that Congress should consider expanding federal oversight of cryptocurrency trading.And Agustin Carstens, the head of the Bank for International Settlements, said central banks must be prepared to intervene, calling digital currencies a “combination of a bubble, a Ponzi scheme and an environmental disaster.”Mr. Carstens also argued that cryptocurrencies were freeloading on existing financial infrastructure and the legitimacy that came from being linked to it.On a positive note, while Bitcoin is at about $8,000 this morning, things could get far worse, according to Goldman Sachs:• Slack named a longtime executive, Allen Shim, as its C.F.O., another step on the road to a listing. (Slack)• AIG has hired Caroline Krass, a partner at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher and a former general counsel of the C.I.A., as deputy general counsel. (AIG)— Elon Musk, after SpaceX successfully launched its Falcon Heavy rocket (carrying a cherry red Tesla roadster) from Cape Canaveral, Fla. yesterday. David Bowie’s “Life on Mars” played at the end of the webcast.• A livery driver who had written about being a casualty of the gig economy killed himself outside City Hall in Lower Manhattan on Monday. (NYT)• Business Wire, the corporate news-release distributor owned by Berkshire Hathaway, is dealing with a cyberattack. It has caused outages for nearly a week. (WSJ)• Morgan Stanley gave the cold shoulder to Derek Jeter, co-owner of the Miami Marlins, and his banker, Greg Fleming, when asked if large brokerage clients would like to buy a piece of the team, unnamed sources said. (Fox Business)• FEMA awarded an Atlanta entrepreneur, Tiffany Brown, $156 million to supply 30 million meals to Puerto Ricans after Hurricane Maria. Only 50,000 have been delivered. (NYT)• The German carmaker Daimler publicly apologized on Tuesday after its Mercedes-Benz brand caused an outcry in China by quoting the Dalai Lama in a social media post. (NYT)• Can Christian Louboutin trademark red soles? The European Union’s highest court says no. (NYT)• PepsiCo will not be making Lady Doritos. (NYT)• One of the issues that contributed to Laurent Potdevin’s departure as C.E.O. of Lululemon, unnamed sources say, was a multiyear relationship with a female designer. (CNBC)• Quentin Tarantino, accused by Uma Thurman of putting her life at risk by making her perform a dangerous stunt for the “Kill Bill” films, described it as one of the biggest regrets of his life. He disputed some details of her account. (NYT)• The supermarket Tesco is facing Britain’s largest ever collective equal pay claim, for a potential total of about $5.6 billion. (BBC)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com. Good Thursday morning. Here’s what we’re watching:• A tale of three tech companies earnings.• CBS and Viacom are talking about getting back together.• A shake-up in Airbnb’s C-suite• Why Europe matters for Facebook.• Regulators are worried that Bitcoin’s price is being manipulated.• Jeff Immelt has gone from C.E.O. to V.C.• And when will Congress raise the debt ceiling?Want this in your own email inbox? Here’s the sign-up.Apple reported record profit and sales, Amazon easily beat expectations, and Google-parent Alphabet posted a loss because of the new tax law.Here’s a look at the numbers:Apple• $20.1 billion — Apple’s profit during the quarter, up 12 percent.• $88.3 billion — Apple’s revenue for the quarter.• $61.6 billion — Revenue from iPhone sales, up 13 percent from a year earlier.• 77.3 million — The number of iPhones that Apple sold in the quarter, down 1 percent and below the 80.2 million analysts expected, according to Bloomberg.• $796 -- The average sale price of an iPhone, according to Bloomberg.• $60 billion to $62 billion — Apple's revenue guidance for the current quarter, well below analysts’ expectations of $65.9 billion.• $285 billion — Apple’s big cash pile.Critics CornerRobert Cryan of Breakingviews:Amazon• $1.9 billion —the e-commerce giant’s fourth-quarter profit, more than double its profit from a year ago and the first time Amazon’s earnings have surpassed $1 billion in a quarter.• $789 million —The boost to Amazon’s bottom line from a one-time tax benefit.• $60.5 billion — Amazon’s revenue in the quarter, up 38 percent and above analysts’ estimates of $59.8 billion.Critics cornerRobert Cryan of Breakingviews:Alphabet• $3.02 billion — The loss Alphabet reported for the fourth quarter.• $9.9 billion — The hit Alphabet took to its earnings related to the new tax law.• $32.32 billion — The search giant’s revenue for the quarter, up 27 percent from same period a year ago.Critics cornerJennifer Saba of Breakingviews:More than a decade after Viacom and CBS split, the boards of the two companies have formed a special committee to evaluate a possible merger.Why now• Shari Redstone, who along with her father, Sumner Redstone, controls the two companies, is pushing for a deal.Her previous effort to combine the two companies in 2016 faltered over the concerns of CBS’ directors and CBS’s chief executive, Les Moonves. According to media reports, Mr. Moonves may be more open to a deal, though the WSJ reports that he remains wary.• Walt Disney’s deal for much of 21st Century Fox late last year has sparked much strategic rethinking across the industry. Ms. Redstone believes that CBS and Viacom need greater scale to better compete with Disney, Netflix and Amazon.Critics cornerTara Lachapelle of Bloomberg Gadfly:Belinda Johnson is moving up. Laurence Tosi is moving out. And don’t expect the company to go public this year.What’s happening: Ms. Johnson, who’s currently the home-rental company’s chief business affairs and legal officer, will become its chief operating officer. Meanwhile, Mr. Tosi, who had been Airbnb’s chief financial officer since coming over from Blackstone, will leave the company to focus on his investment fund.Airbnb has hired a search firm to find a new C.F.O. Ellie Mertz, the company’s head of global financial planning, will fill in that role on an interim basis.Between the lines• Ms. Johnson had been a rising star at Airbnb, often compared to Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg as the company’s business-minded grown-up in the room.• Mr. Tosi had been increasingly at odds with Airbnb’s C.E.O., Brian Chesky, over strategy. (The Information covered their disputes — which were over both strategy and tactics — in great detail.)The context Airbnb is heading ever so slowly toward an initial public offering. It hired Ken Chenault as its first outside director, for example, and promoting its most successful business mind to C.O.O. is another step in that direction. Still losing its C.F.O. — particularly one well versed in Wall Street — could set those plans back a bit.The company lineHere’s Mr. Chesky on Ms. Johnson:And here’s a statement from Eric Holder, the former U.S. Attorney General who has been advising the company on anti-discrimination policies:And here’s Mr. Chesky on Mr. Tosi:— Michael J. de la MercedSome of the most consequential battles in the world of technology are playing out in Europe, where governments are cracking down on tech giants like Google and Facebook.Facebook’s quarterly results, released Wednesday, provide crucial information for better understanding the balance of power between Silicon Valley titans and the democracies of Europe.The results clearly showed the importance of the European market to Facebook’s future growth. The company’s average revenue per European user in the fourth quarter of 2017 was $8.86, well below the $26.76 that Facebook rakes in per user in the United States and Canada.Facebook should be able to move that European number a lot higher in the coming years. Europe’s economy is only a bit smaller than the United States’, and the Continent contains prosperous nations whose citizens are just as addicted to social media as Americans. Indeed, Facebook has more daily active users in Europe than in the United States and Canada (277 million versus 184 million.) What is more, total European daily active users grew in the fourth quarter, while the United States and Canada number edged lower.All this helps explain why the growth in European revenue per user, at nearly 50 percent in the fourth quarter versus the year-earlier period, is significantly higher than the 35 percent rate for the United States and Canada.What does this mean for Facebook as European countries introduce measures aimed at protecting their citizens that may go beyond what the company is used to in the United States?Given how lucrative Europe is and will be to Facebook, it may be willing to spend what it takes to comply with new regulations, and even tolerate any inefficiencies the rules impose on its advertising business. Indeed, Facebook itself says it wants to make its network safer for users and democracies. But if there is any slip in that stance, Europe’s leaders, seeing how important their countries are to Facebook’s bottom line, arguably have considerable leverage to respond.— Peter EavisIts price on Thursday: $8,915Its all-time high hit on Dec. 18: $19,511.That’s more than a 50 percent slide, and it marks it lowest price since November. To put the Bitcoin’s recent slide in perspective, the cryptocurrency has lost $44 billion in market value last month, according to Bloomberg.The tumble has continued so far in February. Bitcoin is down 11 percent Thursday.Regulators are increasingly worried that Bitfinex, a widely used (and famously opaque) exchange, has been propping it up. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission has subpoenaed the company, whose Tether digital token is often used to buy other virtual currencies.More from Nathaniel Popper of the NYT:Where we stand: According to CoinMarketCap, Bitcoin is trading at $9,545, down almost 7 percent over the last 24 hours, Ethereum’s Ether at $1,099, and Ripple’s XRP at $1.05, down 7 percent.The digital money flyaround• How Goldman Sachs was rushed into supporting Bitcoin. (Bloomberg)• Meet Bibor, a proposed interest rate for lending Bitcoin. (Bloomberg)• Samsung is making specialist chips for mining virtual currency. (CNBC)The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, is reporting that Saudi Arabia’s Aramco and Google’s parent, Alphabet, are in talks to build a tech hub within the kingdom.Details, including when and if a deal will come to fruition, remain scant at this point.The contextSaudi Arabia is seeking to diversify its economy away from oil, and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has made developing Saudi Arabia’s tech sector a key part of his “Vision 2030” plan. In late 2016, he traveled to Silicon Valley to promote those reforms, and the kingdom has taken bigger steps in recent years into the tech investing world.That year Saudi Arabia poured $3.5 billion into Uber, and its Public Investment Fund put $45 billion into SoftBank’s $100 billion Vision Fund, which is making eye-popping investments in tech companies.An interesting point, from the WSJ article:It isn’t clear how setting up tech hubs could fundamentally transform an oil company into a tech company — and therefore command a higher multiple — but it’d be interesting to see bankers make that argument.— Stephen GrocerThe former G.E. chairman and C.E.O. will focus on tech and health care companies in his new role as a partner at N.E.A., one of the biggest V.C. firms in the world (that isn’t named SoftBank).From the release:and:(Worth noting: Mr. Immelt’s successor at G.E. is struggling to turn that company around. See below.)Mr. Immelt is only the latest corporate chieftain to find his next act in venture capital. Earlier this week, Ken Chenault announced that he would become chairman of General Catalyst Partners.Mr. Immelt himself famously dallied with Silicon Valley last year, when he was in the running to become Uber’s next C.E.O.— Michael J. de la MercedThe good news: Its fourth-quarter earnings handily beat expectations. The average price per ad went up 43 percent.The possibly bad news: Mark Zuckerberg said changes to the News Feed had cut 50 million hours a day from the time users spent on it (as Shira Ovide of Gadfly points out, that’s about 2 minutes less each).Here’s where our colleague Peter Eavis says investors should focus:Today’s a big day for tech earnings• Apple: Everyone wants to know how well the iPhone X has sold — well enough to start a new “supercycle”?• Alphabet: Will Google’s hardware sales make its nonadvertising business more than a tiny blip in earnings?• Amazon: Will Wall Street have finally got the fourth-quarter results right? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯• Is digital advertising what’s wrong with the internet? (NYT)• More than a million followers have disappeared from the accounts of dozens of prominent Twitter users in recent days. Funny, that. (NYT)• Microsoft’s cloud computing push continues to pay off. (NYT)• Uber is offering bicycle sharing in San Francisco. (NYT)• EBay will shift its payments business from PayPal. That pummeled PayPal’s share price in after-hours trading. (Bloomberg)• The Twitter co-founder Biz Stone and the Craigslist co-founder Craig Newmark are investing in a fact-checking start-up. (Bloomberg)Steven Mnuchin urged lawmakers to do it quickly, amid worries that the government could run out of borrowing capacity late this month. (The Congressional Budget Office has changed its estimate because of the tax cuts.)The Treasury secretary argued that the cuts would eventually pay for themselves, but conceded that it wouldn’t happen this year.In the meantime, the Treasury Department said that the size of Treasury auctions will increase. And Republicans are increasingly split over whether to keep supporting short-term bills to keep the government operating.The policy flyaround• Robert Mueller appears to be focusing on the White House’s initial statement about a June 2016 meeting between Trump campaign officials and Russian individuals over potential dirt on Hillary Clinton. (NYT)• The F.B.I. made an unusual public statement opposing the release of a secret House Intelligence Committee memo about surveillance of a Trump campaign aide. (NYT)• A federal appeals court ruled that the president could fire the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s director only for cause. (NYT)• The E.U. is preparing measures to stop Britain undercutting it on tax or regulation after Brexit. (FT)• The Treasury Department insisted that new sanctions are coming against Russian individuals close to Vladimir Putin. (Bloomberg)• Prosecutors have dropped corruption charges against Senator Bob Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey. (NYT)• The director of the C.D.C., Brenda Fitzgerald, resigned after she was reported to have bought stock in a tobacco company. (Politico)Yesterday’s meeting, Janet Yellen’s last as Fed chairwoman, left rates unchanged. But the accompanying statement hinted that higher inflation — and rate hikes — might be around the corner.Analysts’ takes:• Economists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch write, “This shows that the Fed is taking notice of the recent shift in market perception about inflation.”• Ian Shepherdson of Pantheon Macroeconomics writes, “In short, the statement sets up the March hike, which will be followed by Jay Powell’s first press conference.”• Diane Swonk of Grant Thornton said, “Everything from stronger growth at home and abroad to debt-financed tax cuts have raised expectations for inflation.”The scene at the Fed yesterday, from Binyamin Appelbaum of the NYT:Analysts over at Deutsche Bank think so. They wrote in a research note yesterday:G.E. is the last survivor of the index’s 12 original components from when it started in 1896, and has been in it continuously for more than 110 years.More on G.E.’s troubles in Bloomberg Businessweek’s cover story.• SoftBank agreed to buy a majority stake in the cellphone service unit of Line, a Japanese messaging company. (CNBC)• Brookfield Asset Management is in talks to buy Forest City Realty Trust, a fellow real estate owner with a market value of about $6.2 billion, according to unnamed sources. (Bloomberg)• CVC Capital Partners has hired Morgan Stanley and UBS to lead an initial public offering of the antivirus company Avast Software, which could be the biggest ever in British tech, according to unnamed sources. (Reuters)• Meet the three-month old boutique investment bank that helped put together the Blackstone Group’s $20 billion deal for Thomson Reuters’ financial information unit. (Bloomberg)• General Assembly, the coding boot camp, may sell itself. (Reuters)• Tell us your memories of Xerox as the onetime corporate icon strikes a deal with Fujifilm of Japan. (NYT)The state’s gaming commission is looking into the numerous, decade-spanning sexual assault and misconduct allegations against Steve Wynn. It has the power to revoke the operating license for Wynn Boston Harbor, the biggest single-phase development in Massachusetts history, which is expected to create thousands of jobs.More from Susan Pulliam, Jon Kamp, Chris Kirkham and Kate O’Keeffe of the WSJ:Shares in Wynn Resorts fell more than 3 percent yesterday.• Stephen Cutler, who spent 11 years at JPMorgan, mostly as its general counsel, has joined Simpson Thacher & Bartlett as a litigation partner. (Simpson Thacher)• The public relations firm Brunswick Group has hired Bob Zoellick, the former president of the World Bank, and Pascal Lamy, the former director general of the World Trade Organization, as part of a new consultancy focused on geopolitical advice. (Brunswick)Our colleagues want to know how you’re thinking about retirement. They’ll use the best responses in a forthcoming special section.• U.S. prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas in an investigation into potential corruption at international sports bodies, and exploring bringing charges of racketeering, money laundering and fraud. (NYT)• BMW and Daimler said they had taken action against executives involved in an organization that sponsored emissions experiments on monkeys. (NYT)• Equifax began offering a free service on Wednesday that promised to let consumers lock their credit files using their cellphones. It didn’t work. (NYT)• Some of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke’s rapid moves on environmental regulation look vulnerable to legal challenge, experts say. (NYT)• SoFi is laying off dozens of employees in its mortgage division, according to people familiar with the matter. It used to highlight the area as a growth prospect. (WSJ)• Hong Kong developers and distressed debt and private credit funds are lining up to offer financing to HNA, bankers and property investors say. (FT)• David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital lost roughly 6 percent in January, extending a multiyear period of weakness. (WSJ)• Private equity heavyweights like K.K.R., Carlyle and Apollo have started issuing U.S. preferred shares, which pay higher interest than traditional bonds and can be a highly efficient way to raise capital. (FT)• Hedge funds have earned spectacular payoffs from bearish bets against companies like Steinhoff International and Carillion, but can accounting sleuths expect more wins on that scale? (FT)We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.The Learning Network runs challenges for teenagers all year long, but when we announce a new one, it’s always with trepidation. Will it be too hard? Have we been clear enough about what we’re looking for? Will anyone out there actually take the time to do it?Well, in the case of the challenge we announced in December — to connect something you’re studying in school with the world today — we needn’t have worried. Over 1,200 students suggested interesting thematic links between recent Times articles and literary, historical and scientific texts and topics like “Their Eyes Were Watching God,” “Walden,” the Chinese Exclusion Act, the Chandrasekhar Limit and the California gold rush.Some texts came up so often that, if you’re a teacher currently working with any of them, you could do worse than to search this post to find the many and varied ways students see their resonance. “Brave New World,” “Fahrenheit 451,” “The Prince,” “1984,” "Othello” and “Macbeth” are in that category.Certain issues in the news also appeared in all kinds of contexts. The #MeToo movement reminded students of literature like “Jane Eyre” and “The Handmaid’s Tale,” but one student also thought Newton’s first two laws of motion applied, while another saw an analogy to the rock cycle in geology. Participants discovered that fake news is old news, with clear parallels in the plots of “The Crucible” and “The Great Gatsby.” President Trump was compared to literary characters including Macbeth and Grendel, and his policies were invoked in examining topics as varied as “The Scarlet Letter” and the Indian Removal Act.Below, in alphabetical order, is a list of winners, runners-up and honorable mentions, including full essays by our top eight winners. All told, the list represents the work of 50 students, more than we usually call out in our contests. But not only were there simply that many ideas we wanted to honor, we also think the variety and originality of the choices speak for themselves: Any future student who wonders what school-assigned reading has to do with “the real world” only has to look at this list to see how easy it is to answer that question.Zoe Georgulas, 17, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “Thought Control, Trump-Style”Samantha Jones, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Walden” and “Dropping Out of College Into Life”Lily Langrind, 17, Concord Carlisle High School: “White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack” by Peggy McIntosh and “Checking My Male Privilege”Alicia Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Will America Choose King’s Dream or Trump’s Nightmare?”Katherine LoBue, 16, Mamaroneck High School: “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” by Mark Twain and “The Other Inconvenient Truth”Ayden Nichol, 17, Concord-Carlisle Regional High School: “The Merchant of Venice” and “Louisiana’s Big Step on Justice Reform”Isabella Picillo, 17, Oceanside High School: “The Scarlet Letter” and “Judge Partially Lifts Trump Administration Ban on Refugees”Sayali Shelke, 19, Texas A&M University: Stereotype threat and “Careers for Women in Technology Companies Are a Global Challenge”Update, Feb. 27: Several readers have asked to learn more about the connections students made, so we’ve added a short excerpt from the work of each runner-up._________ Andrea B., 17, St. Ignatius College Prep: “Beowulf” and “‘Wonder Woman’ Could Be the Superhero Women in Hollywood Need”Sofie Brutsaert, 15, Jamesville-DeWitt High School: The Stanford Prison Experiment and “ESPN Fires Donovan McNabb and Eric Davis After Lawsuit”Sharanya Datta, 14, Biotechnology High School: “The Crucible” by Arthur Miller and “‘Fake News’: Wide Reach but Little Impact, Study Suggests”Ian Derushia, 15, Hoggard High School: Genghis Khan and “What Experts Know About Men Who Rape”Kendall Dunn, 18, New Tech High @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “My Year of No Shopping”Jackson Edwards, Wesley Gow, Jack Trent, Jaya Krishnan, 17, St. John’s School: “Invisible Man” and “A Rebel, a Warrior and a Race Fiend”Sera Eviner, 16, Oceanside High School: Newton’s Laws and “The #MeToo Moment: No Longer Complicit”Shane George, 15, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jeong-In Ha, 16, Bergen County Academies: “Troilus and Cressida” by William Shakespeare and “Japan Balks at Calls for New Apology to South Korea Over ‘Comfort Women’”Betsy Jenifer, 18, Women’s Christian College: “Doctor Faustus” by Christopher Marlowe and “You’ll Never Be Famous — And That’s O.K.”Victoria Li, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “The Heartbeat of Racism Is Denial”Zoe Maisel, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The History Teacher” by Billy Collins and “‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ Removed From School in Mississippi”Emily Pinheiro, 16, Arlington High School: Foreign-language study in school and “Thousands Once Spoke His Language in the Amazon. Now, He’s the Only One.”Izi Potter, 18, University of Oregon: “The Blank Page” by Karen Blixen and “My Worst Columns”Andrew Reilly, 18, South Forsyth High School: “Tulip Mania” in 17th century Holland and BitcoinJulia Swicionis, 16, Saint Ignatius College Prep: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “Mueller’s Facts and Trump’s Make-Believe”Abby VanLonkhuyzen, 16, Yarmouth High School: The Chinese Exclusion Act and “Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries”Anushka Agarwal, 16, Livingston High School: “The Great Gatsby” by F. Scott Fitzgerald and “Evaluating Sources in a ‘Post-Truth’ World: Ideas for Teaching and Learning About Fake News”Troy Barlow, 16, Duxbury High School: “David Copperfield” by Charles Dickens and “Teacher Arrested at School Board Meeting After Questioning Superintendent Contract”Alexis Batista, Jonathan Ricaldy, Lleayem Nazario-Johnson, Oleg Kamen, 18, Classical High School: “1984” by George Orwell and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Robert Biehler, 17, Cosby High School: The Civil War and “F.C.C. Plans Net Neutrality Repeal in a Victory for Telecoms”Margarita Bogdanova-Shapkina, 15, Oceanside High School: The Industrial Revolution and “Hard-Liners and Reformers Tapped Iranians’ Ire. Now, Both Are Protest Targets”Bronwyn, Jack, Landon, 16, Greenwood College School: “Fahrenheit 451” by Ray Bradbury and “To Make Prisons ‘Safer,’ Some Are Banning … Books”Elizabeth Buerkle, 14, Oceanside High School: Orchestra class arrangements for modern music and “A Symphony Breathes Life Into 400 Broken School Instruments”Avery Crumlish and Isabel Benson, 14, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The geology concept of the rock cycle and “The Best Era for Working Women Was 20 Years Ago”Nathan Davidov, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “10 Ways to Love Better”Diego Diaz, 17, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “When Elites Get a Taste of Their Own Medicine”Sawyer Doeg, 13, Asheville Catholic: The Indian Removal Act and “Trump Slashes Size of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Monuments”Odin Doolittle, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Wretched of the Earth” by Franz Fannon and “Rohingya Militants in Myanmar Claim Responsibility for Attack”Nathanie Doralus, 16, Wekiva High School: “Macbeth” by William Shakespeare and “The Warp-Speed Presidency”Jeric Duro, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Air Force General Addresses Racial Slurs on Campus: ‘You Should Be Outraged’”Isabella Eckler, 16, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “Iran Bans English in Primary Schools to Block ‘Cultural Invasion’”Britney Ellman, 16, Arlington High School: Women’s rights movements in the Antebellum period and “How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left”Stacy Fernandes, 18, Eunoia Junior College: “Woman in Mind” by Alan Ayckbourn and “When ‘Not Guilty’ Is a Life Sentence”Katrina Fisher, 18, New Tech High at Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “In Breakthrough, Scientists Edit a Dangerous Mutation From Genes in Human Embryos”Shane George, 17, New Milford High School: “Othello” by William Shakespeare and “Harvey Weinstein Expelled From Television Academy Over Abuse Claims”Jenny Huang, 16, North Carolina School of Science and Math: “The Yellow Wallpaper” by Charlotte Perkins Gilman and “The Reckoning: Women and Power in the Workplace”Marcel Johnican, 17, CICS Ralph Ellison: “Their Eyes Were Watching God” by Zora Neale Hurston and this photographMorgan Lafont, 16, Garden City High School: “Frankenstein” by Mary Shelley and “How Evil Is Tech?”Laura Liao, 14, West Windsor Plainsboro High School North: “Jane Eyre” by Charlotte Brontë and “At the Golden Globes, Stars and Their Activist Guests Talk About Why They Fight”Sarah Lyons, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: “The Danger of a Single Story” by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and “Seeing Danger in a Face”Emme Magliato, 16, Arlington High School: Injustice to Native Americans and the doctrine of Manifest Destiny and “Trump Is Vandalizing Our Wild Heritage”Vidhisha Mahesh, 16, Folsom High School: “Hamlet” by William Shakespeare and “How the Myth of the Artistic Genius Excuses the Abuse of Women”Colin Mangan, 16, Oceanside High School: Election and presidency of Andrew Jackson and “The Glory of Democracy”Caitlin McCarthy, 17, Concord Carlisle Regional High School: “Things Fall Apart” by Chinua Achebe and “The World Celebrates New Year’s Eve”Sofia Olivares, 15: Climate change and “No One Is Coming to Save Us From Trump’s Racism”Sarina Patel, 14, C. Leon King High School: The French Revolution and “Open Letter From Time’s Up”Katie Remaklus, 16, The Seven Hills School: “Beowulf” and “Trump’s Twitter Threats Put American Credibility on the Line”Olivia Rockrohr, 17, Arlington High School: The California gold rush and “Google’s War Over the Sexes”Dylan Rosenthal, 16, North Broward Preparatory School: “Twelfth Night” by William Shakespeare and “With Manicures and Makeup, Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Line Between Pink and Blue”Santhosh Saravanan, 17, South Forsyth High School: “The Namesake” by Jhumpa Lahiri and “Finding Myself Through My College Major”Ardi Saunders, 17, New Tech High School @ Coppell: “Brave New World” by Aldous Huxley and “Free Speech, Personified”Caitlin Terpstra, 16, Concord Carlisle High School: South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission and “After the Pain, a Chance to Meet and Forgive”Sophie Tully, 16, Cosby High School: The 1848 Seneca Falls Convention and “Amber Tamblyn: Redefining the Red Carpet”Crystella Wagner, 16, Sandra Day O’Connor High School: “The Prince” by Niccolo Machiavelli and “Stalin, Hitler and the Temptations of Totalitarianism”Anne-Kinsey Wash and Claire McCann, 13, St. Michael’s Episcopal School: The 1885-1908 rubber craze in Congo and “Apple Report Expects New iPhones to Jump-Start Growth”Emma Wigington, 17, South Forsyth High School: “Southern Cop” by Sterling Brown and “When Will Black Lives Matter in St. Louis?”Sydney Yan, 15, Biotechnology High School: The Chandrasekhar Limit (the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star) and “American Dreamers”_________• The lesson plan that accompanied this challenge: Making It Relevant: Helping Students Connect Their Studies to the World Today• Our Text to Text series, in which The Learning Network matches often-taught literary, historical and scientific texts with Times articles past and present.• Our on-demand webinar, “Ripped From the Headlines and Applied to the Classics: Pairing Often-Taught Literary and History Texts With Times Articles and Multimedia,” which explores more ideas for helping students make connections like these._________Thank you, as always, to the teachers and students who took the time to participate. Teachers, if you’re interested, please let us know how you used the challenge in your class by writing to LNFeedback@nytimes.comThank you also to our judges, who included Learning Network staff Shannon Doyne, Caroline Gilpin, Michael Gonchar and Natalie Proulx, as well as teacher-contributors to our site, Amanda Christy Brown and Annissa Hambouz. 