Until this month, the scariest thing about the stock market was its uncanny calm and stability. Like the opening sequences of a classic horror movie, the market last year was relentlessly and unnaturally cheerful.Well, now the ax has fallen and the stock market has begun a “correction” — financial jargon for a decline of at least 10 percent.The scariest thing about the market right now is the shocked response of traders who had become accustomed to the unsustainably placid conditions that have been unceremoniously swept away.The precise timing of the market plunge was a surprise, and it has evidently unnerved some investors. But while it may seem harsh to say so, after so many months of fizzy profits, a downturn was long overdue.“The movements we’ve been having the last couple of weeks may not be pleasant but they are entirely normal, on a historical basis, “ said Ryan Detrick, a senior market strategist for LPL Financial.Based on the historical record, “normal” in the stock market includes unsettling conditions of the kind we have been experiencing lately. More of the same is likely in the months ahead: gut-wrenching swings down as well as up, rather than the steady gains that evidently lulled some investors into complacency.That is not a declaration that the market is in deep trouble. Far from it. I don’t know where stocks are heading in the weeks ahead, but I assume, based on history, that they will eventually rise. “Eventually” is a word with a lot of wiggle room, however. Markets tend to overshoot, up and down, and they could certainly plunge much further.That said, a good argument can be made that the underlying stock market fundamentals today are better now than they were a few months ago. After all, the economy appears to be fairly strong in the United States and in much of the rest of the world, and corporate earnings have been rising. Higher earnings and cheaper stock prices are an appealing combination. Using classic definitions, stock valuations have markedly improved in just a few months.Last summer, when stock valuations seemed too rich, I followed my own advice and began to rebalance my 401(k) portfolio, reducing the ballooning proportion of stock, increasing short-term bonds and cash. That kind of heightened caution still seems wise but stocks (in the form of index funds) are beginning to look more appealing.Still, the current downturn is a harsh reminder: The stock market entails risk, pain and losses, and it isn’t for everyone. Whatever “normal” is, it is nothing like the benign stock market of late 2016 or 2017.“What we have seen in the last week or two is minuscule compared with the amount of real risk that is coming in the months and years ahead,” said Salil Mehta, an independent statistician with deep experience in troubled markets and their consequences. He was the director of research and analytics for the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and for the Treasury’s Troubled Asset Relief Program, which was set up to help stabilize the financial system in the 2008 crisis.Mr. Mehta’s view, which I share, is that a stock market decline of the kind we have been experiencing was overdue and that there is probably even greater volatility ahead. My own admittedly hopeful perspective is that declines now may reduce and postpone extreme speculative excesses later. Such excesses eventually lead to big market crashes and real pain for the broader economy.In that context, the marvelous market conditions of last year were dangerous precisely because they were so seductive. As I wrote in August, the stock market in 2017 was magical — so strangely sedate that it was statistically improbable. That relentlessly rising market was an outlier that could not be sustained.Consider that since the election in November 2016 through January, stock returns, including dividends, increased every month. That was the longest such streak since 1928, when reliable records began to be kept, Mr. Detrick says.And it’s not just that stocks moved up every month. They did so on a daily basis in the gentlest and steadiest of fashions. The average daily change in the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index for all of 2017 was a mere 0.30 percent up or down. That is the lowest number — and the most stable market, based on that metric — since 1964.No wonder the stock market seems so unsettling in 2018. Through Thursday, the average daily change, up or down, was 0.84 percent. That is a big increase. Yet going back to 1928, the average has been 0.75 percent. The current market, which has been depicted as wildly disruptive is, basically, just an average one, Mr. Detrick said.Recall that in June 2016, after British voters said they wanted to leave the European Union, the stock markets fell into what seemed, at the time, to be a major panic. Less than a week after that vote, though, markets resumed their rise. Since then, the American market, measured by the S.&P. 500, was in positive territory every single day — until the cumulative declines of 2018 pulled the index into the red on Feb. 5 and into a correction on Feb. 8. On Friday, the S.&P. 500 closed at 2619.55.Even if the current downturn doesn’t deepen, some sectors are already feeling severe pain. Traders who had bet that calm conditions would continue have lost fortunes. In just two days, the assets in two funds that trade in instruments linked to the VIX — officially, the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index — shrank from a combined total of $3 billion to about $150 million. There are few indications so far that trading losses in those instruments — or in the battered cryptocurrency markets — have damaged the overall financial system, but that is a worry in a serious downturn.There have been major losses in the broader market, however. Through Thursday, the stocks in the S.&P. 500 had lost $5.2 trillion from the index’s peak on Jan. 26, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S.&P. Dow Jones Indices. That is a staggering amount, but even with those losses, the S.&P. 500 through Thursday had swollen by $3.55 trillion since the 2016 election.How far will the current market decline go? I wish I knew. One troubling factor is the change in the leadership of the Federal Reserve, with Jerome H. Powell taking over as chairman on Feb. 3, succeeding Janet L. Yellen. In his confirmation hearings, Mr. Powell signaled a continuation of Fed policy, but the markets are testing him and it is not clear how he will respond.The timing is awkward. The Fed has been tightening monetary policy while the federal government is loosening fiscal policy by cutting taxes, and then adding hundreds of billions of dollars in government spending in a last-minute budget deal on Friday. Furthermore, the Trump administration has been pushing for lighter regulation of financial markets. These shifts during a period of stress raise short-term risks for investors in stocks and bonds.Bear markets in stocks — defined as downturns, from peak to trough, of at least 20 percent — rarely occur without a recession, and, at the moment, none is visible. That’s one reason for Mr. Detrick’s belief that the market is “probably getting fairly close to its bottom now.”While that history is comforting, the 20 percent threshold for a bear market is arbitrary, and the link between recessions and the stock market is not ironclad. The bear market of 1987 occurred without a recession, for example. And who would really be surprised if the unusual political conditions in the United States today fostered unexpected patterns in the economy and stock market?What is safe to say is that the market has entered a new, troubling phase. The current turmoil may turn out to be blissfully brief, but it makes sense to be ready for the worst.Good Friday. Here’s what we’re watching:• The Dropbox I.P.O. by the numbers.• Will businesses reconsider their links to the N.R.A.?• Britain wants its cake in Brexit talks.• One reason the Treasury balked on Dodd-Frank’s bank resolution regime.• What happens now that China controls Anbang Insurance?• General Mills has bought the pet-food maker Blue Buffalo.Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here.The cloud storage company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering.DropBox is the latest so-called unicorn, Silicon Valley startups with a private valuation of more than $1 billion, to test the public markets.Here are the details:Underwriters: Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Allen & Co. BofA Merrill Lynch, RBC Capital, Jefferies, Macquarie Capital, Canaccord Genuity, JMP Securities, KeyBanc Capital and Piper Jaffray.Exchange: NasdaqCapital structure: Class B shares will have 10 times the voting power of Class common shares. The holders of Class B shares will continue to control the company after it goes public. Last summer the FTSE Russell and Standard & Poor’s said most newly public companies with dual or multi-class capital structures would not be included in their indexes.Big shareholders: Drew Houston, the co-founder and chief executive, has 24.4 percent of the voting power, while venture capital firm Sequoia Capital has 24.8 percent. Mr. Houston and Arash Ferdowsi, a co-founder, have a combined voting power of 34.3 percent, which is greater than 32.3 percent for the three outside investors listed in the offering document.Executive compensation: Mr. Houston’s total pay last year was more than $110 million, including more $109 million in stock awards. His base salary was $400,000. Mr. Ferdowsi’s total compensation was $47.3 million.The financials: In 2017, Dropbox lost $112 million but its cash flows totaled $330 million. The reasons for the difference: Dropbox had large noncash expenses, like stock compensation and depreciation and amortization.But revenue growth is slowing. Dropbox took in $1.1 billion of revenue in 2017, a 31 percent increase from $845 million in 2016. The company’s revenue surged by 40 percent in 2016.Dropbox will have to convince investors that it can add new paying users at a fast clip. It had 11 million paying users in 2017, up 25 percent from 2016. But that was a significantly slower pace than the 35 percent increase in 2016.In theory, Dropbox could squeeze more revenue out of each user, but it has not managed to do that in recent years. Revenue-per-user was $111.91 last year, not that different from $110.54 in 2016 and $113.54 in 2015.Valuation: Early investors in unicorns are obviously betting that their stake will be worth more when the company goes public. But Dropbox’s investors might be disappointed. The Wall Street Journal is reporting that the offering will value Dropbox at $7 billion to $8 billion. That is below the implied $10 billion valuation for Dropbox when it raised money in 2014, the Journal reported.Shira Ovide at Bloomberg’s Gadfly uses a valuation for Box, a public company that stores and manages content in the cloud, as a guide for how much Dropbox might be worth on the stock market. Ms. Ovide’s conclusion is not encouraging.— Peter Eavis and Stephen GrocerA series of companies has severed their relationship with the National Rifle Association after the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., following pressure from customers. Andrew highlighted  how financial companies could limit the sale of guns in his column on Tuesday, causing debate on both sides and prompting petitions to begin circulating.On Thursday, the First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew its agreement to issue an N.R.A.-branded Visa card. “Customer feedback has caused us to review our relationship with the N.R.A.,” the bank said.And Enterprise, which owns two other rental car brands, Alamo and National, said it would stop offering a special discount for N.R.A. members.Andrew notes:The contextGroups have previously pushed the investment industry to dump gun stocks, with limited impact.Pension funds, including those for public-school teachers in at least a dozen states, own shares in gun makers. And major money managers such as BlackRock and Vanguard are indirectly some of the biggest holders of gun stocks through exchange-traded funds. BlackRock says it can’t divest shares of a company in an index, but with $6 trillion under management, it is often effectively the biggest investor in such businesses.Lawmakers in New Jersey moved this week to restrict the state’s public pensions from investing in the shares of gun manufacturers. BlackRock said it planned to reach out to weapons makers “to understand their response” to the shootings.More on gun controls• Two gun safety groups are joining with Tom Steyer, the billionaire Democratic activist, in a drive to register high school students to vote. (Politico)• President Trump embraced an N.R.A. position to arm some teachers. (NYT)• Democratic governors from four northeastern states joined forces to restrict the movement of illegal guns and share information about residents barred from owning firearms. (WSJ)Top members of the British government met Thursday to agree on what sort of relationship they want to have with the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc. The B.B.C. has details of the meal that was served at the meeting, held at the official country retreat of Prime Minister Theresa May: A cream of sweetcorn soup with a ham hock croquette, a Guinness short rib of Dexter beef with onions and parsnip mash, and a lemon tart with raspberry sorbet and fresh raspberries.The menu is a reminder of how often food is used to help understand Brexit.Cherries: The British government’s position seems to be that it wants to abide by some European Union rules that would be advantageous for trade, while discarding others. In the Brexit debate, Britain’s attempts to pick and choose is commonly described as cherry-picking, and top officials of the European Union have said they won’t let Britain take this approach. And for Britain to ask for three baskets of cherries is likely just too much for the European Union to stomach.Why?Cake: The rationale for not letting Britain take an à la carte approach is that it allows the country to have its cake and eat it. Underpinning the European Union is the belief that the benefits of being more closely integrated are often obtained through compromises that all member countries must make. And to supporters of the bloc, Britain’s desire to opt in for some things and not others corrodes that community spirit.The cake and cherries rhetoric thrown around in the Brexit debate suggest there is little middle ground between the European Union and Britain. But an alternative way to view the tensions is that so much trade goes on between Britain and the bloc, and others ties are so deep, that both sides will ultimately strike a new relationship that retains much of the existing one. As analysts at Nomura wrote earlier this week:And the Sun newspaper is reporting that some in European Union may actually want to throw Britain a few cherries. The Sun’s Nick Gutteridge, who often has fresh insights from Brussels, has details of a paper drafted by the Belgian government:— Peter EavisPresident Donald Trump’s “America First” agenda seems to have met its match in the obscure world of international financial regulation.On Thursday, we wrote about the Treasury Department’s decision to retain the process for winding down a failing bank that was introduced under the Obama administration.A big reason the Treasury held back: The concerns of foreign regulators.As the Treasury’s proposal stated, an alternative to the Obama-era wind-down is a new form of bankruptcy for large financial firms, called Chapter 14. The Treasury favors using Chapter 14 where possible, but it opted to keep the current resolution mechanism. This disappointed Republicans who want Chapter 14 to replace the the current process. But foreign regulators pushed back against a bankruptcy-or-nothing approach. Specifically, the Treasury noted, foreign regulators have expressed doubts about whether they could coordinate effectively with a United States bankruptcy judge when winding down a big American bank that has large amounts of business overseas.On that point, the Treasury could have pushed back. It could have told foreign governments that Chapter 14 judges would, in fact, be up to the task of handling international cases. Indeed, the Treasury in its paper said it expected the judges to have such competency:Instead, fearing higher costs for United States banks, the Treasury apparently gave the concerns of foreign regulators considerable weight and took an internationalist approach.— Peter EavisThe Chinese manufacturer has built up a $9 billion stake, or just under 10 percent, in the German automaker and parent of Mercedes-Benz.From Bloomberg:Geely also gained control of British sports-car maker Louts Cars last year.The government in Beijing seized control today of Anbang Insurance Group, the troubled Chinese company that owns the iconic New York hotel.The details• The Chinese insurance regulator said Anbang had violated regulations, putting into question its ability to pay claims.• A group that includes China’s central bank, its securities and banking regulators, the country’s foreign exchange regulator and other government agencies will oversee Anbang for a year.• The takeover could be extended if Anbang fails to complete an equity restructuring and resume operations.• The company’s former chairman was charged with financial crimes.The contextAnbang came under scrutiny for its opaque ownership structure and for the political ties of its former chairman as it embarked on a period of frenzied deal making.But, “Anbang is too big to fail,” as an unnamed senior Anbang executive told The FT. “Even though it has no real value, they will have to restructure it very carefully.”From Keith Bradsher and Alexandra Stevenson of the NYT:Critics’ corner• Quentin Webb of Breakingviews writes that the seizure is the boldest move yet in Beijing’s battle against financial excess, and the new precedent could be a worrying omen.• Anbang’s size and entanglements are comparable to Lehman Brothers or A.I.G. before the global financial crisis, and the insurer was always going to crash and burn if left untouched, writes Nisha Gopalan in Bloomberg Gadfly. Beijing’s intervention deserves a round of applause, she adds.More on Chinese deal makers• Financial strains at another buyer, HNA, have prompted its subsidiary, the Irish aircraft leaser Avolon, to rewrite its bond documentation to try to reassure investors. (FT)• Fosun has acquired Lanvin, France’s oldest surviving couture house, after a fierce bidding war. (NYT)The deal values Blue Buffalo at about $8 billion and bolsters an area for General Mills, which owns brands including Cheerios, Lucky Charms and Yoplait, that has become increasingly popular: natural foods for petsThe transaction is the latest as food makers, such as Mars and Danone, seek to acquire more organic and natural brands.The deals flyaround• Standard Life Aberdeen has agreed to sell what was left of its insurance business to Phoenix Group for about $4.5 billion. (The Times of London)• Swiss Re said it was still considering Softbank’s partnership approach. (FT)• In the wake of the new tax law, many business owners are asking: Will changing a company’s structure cut tax bills? (WSJ)• European banks with significant operations in the U.S. have seen multibillion dollar hits on their fourth-quarter results because of tax changes, but most say they expect to benefit from a lower rate in the future. (NYT)• Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin believes policies introduced by the Trump administration will raise wages but not inflation. (Bloomberg)• Regulators are looking to ease rules that restrict the ability of companies to speak with investors before announcing plans for initial public offerings, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• Attorneys general in several states and a number of companies have filed lawsuits challenging the Federal Communications Commission’s repeal of net neutrality rules. (Axios)• The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services dropped language from its mission statement that characterized the country as a “a nation of immigrants.” (NYT)• When he was working as President Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort lied to banks to secure millions of dollars in loans as part of a long-running money laundering scheme, according to an indictment unsealed on Thursday in the investigation of Robert Mueller, the special counsel. (NYT)Shares of the social media company tumbled 6 percent on Thursday after Kylie Jenner tweeted that she no longer opened Snapchat.The tweet comes as Snap faces growing criticism from users about the redesign of its app.Critics’ cornerFor tech companies like Snap and Twitter, Jennifer Saba of Breakingviews argues, celebrities “ought to be included as an intangible asset, to be written down when the celebrity stops being a customer — or stops being a celebrity.”RelatedEvan Spiegel, Snap’s chief executive, received $638 million in total compensation in 2017. (CNNMoney)The tech flyaround• Altered images used by Russians to spread disinformation ahead of the 2016 U.S. election have exposed flaws in efforts by social media companies to stop such practices. (WSJ)• British authorities are examining changes to the taxation of technology companies, potentially leading to higher bills for internet giants like Facebook and Google. (BBC)• Spotify’s listing will put pressure on the music-streaming company to to reduce its reliance on music labels. (FT)• Airbnb unveiled its Plus service, which features properties that are guaranteed to meet a 100-point quality checklist. (NYT)• The lesson of the video-game company Rovio’s profit warning: Companies in high-risk industries with volatile earnings should think hard before going public. (Lex)What rights do shareholders get if a company goes for an initial coin offering?Here’s The Information’s Alfred Lee:Related• The crash in cryptocurrencies hasn’t dented the popularity of initial coin offerings. (WSJ)• Bitcoin is at $10,234.30. (coinmarketcap.com)That’s the NYT’s James Stewart, who tries to unpick the puzzle.Separately, a group of Harvard graduates has a plan to bolster the university’s straggling endowment.The Treasury Department has proposed a regulatory move that would increase the likelihood that a failing bank would end up in bankruptcy rather than going through a resolution process overseen by the government.The tweak would still keep the emergency structures introduced as part of Dodd-Frank as an option.From the NYT’s Peter Eavis:The banking flyaround• Royal Bank of Scotland reported its first annual profit in a decade, after a grueling turnaround effort. That could make it easier for the British government to sell down its stake. (LSE)• Behind John Flint’s bookish image lurks a ruthless streak that has helped him to rise to the role of chief executive at HSBC. (FT)• Dina Powell is talking to Goldman Sachs about returning to the firm in a global role, according to unnamed sources. (WSJ)• Kumar Galhotra, who has been running marketing and the Lincoln brand for Ford, will take over as head of North American operations after the abrupt departure of Raj Nair. (WSJ)• Hidden in rising bond yields, there could be good news for shareholders. (WSJ)• A federal judge criticized deferred prosecution agreements, which allow companies to avoid prosecution by paying a fine. (Bloomberg)• The Japanese airbag maker Takata reached a $60 million deal to settle consumer protection claims in the U.S. (NYT)• Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s sales of storage and networking devices did well enough over the holiday quarter that it raised its annual profit targets. (WSJ)Know someone who would enjoy this newsletter? Tell them to sign up here.You can find live updates throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on Australia, news of the world and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter. Want to receive it by email? Sign up here.______I wrote this week about some scenarios that could become illegal if Australia approves espionage legislation introduced in December. Then, on “The Drum” on Wednesday night, I talked more about Australia’s tolerance for a lack of government transparency.But it’s not exactly a subject for live television — at least not with me explaining it — so I thought I’d return to the issue here in this week’s newsletter.First a bit of context: Australia is not alone in trying to clamp down on information. Japan passed a special secrets law in 2014, over widespread opposition; the United Kingdom has been looking at how to tighten its controls with longer prison sentences; and American investigations into government leaks have increased since Sept. 11, tripling under President Trump.Countries like Turkey, Cambodia, China and Cuba have also made a habit of creating and enforcing laws that allow for maximum control over government information.At a time of rising nationalism worldwide, “national security” has effectively become a catchall category — a legitimate concern expanded to include documents, digital communication and political issues that may not have much to do with national security.Sometimes it takes a bit of luck — a pair of filing cabinets filled with government documents showing up at a used furniture store in Canberra, for example — just to see what kinds of things end up getting classified. And as we now know from “The Cabinet Files,” a lot of it ends up being about politics, not security.As Gaven Morris, the news director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, put it: “Consistently, we’ve seen overreach where governments seek to suppress information because it is embarrassing, not because there is a genuine security risk.”But there are actually several other areas of public life in Australia that make journalism more difficult, or that reveal the degree to which this country tolerates a lack of transparency.A few examples:• Campaign FinanceAustralia’s campaign finance system is riddled with loopholes and delayed disclosures.At the federal level, it takes more than six months (up to 19 months in fact) for the public to learn how much parties have raised and from whom. Donors are identified only if they have contributed more than 13,500 Australian dollars, or about $10,000, which means individuals and corporations can anonymously make multiple donations without the public knowing. At the same time, Australian politicians are not required to explain what they do with the money.Compare that to Norway, where 74.4 percent of the money used in political campaigns came from government subsidies, with clear and accessible disclosure about contributions.• Suppression OrdersAustralia’s courts routinely prohibit reporting on certain aspects of criminal cases. While legal scholars maintain that suppression can be valid at times, Australian experts are growing increasingly concerned about its overuse.Jason Bosland, a law professor at the University of Melbourne, has been at the forefront in researching the issue. He has concluded that the many orders lack legal foundation and go beyond what is necessary or in the public interest.For example, there is a major case of global interest working its way through the courts now. It’s subject to a suppression order, and I cannot legally tell you about it.In other cases, courts have ordered that already published journalism be removed from Australian news sites, even though the information in them could be found elsewhere — undermining public trust in both journalism and the justice system.• Defamation Without any equivalent to the American First Amendment, freedom of speech in Australia is more negotiable and often subject to litigation.Suing for defamation is relatively easy in Australia, with presumptions favoring those who sue. Journalists, media organizations — and increasingly anyone who publishes on social media platforms — routinely lose in court or expect to lose and settle. The costs can be high, even prohibitive, stamping out some stories before they are ever written.“Don’t get the idea that the defamation field is balanced. It is heavily weighted in favor of plaintiffs,” wrote Peter Bartlett and Sam White, two well-known media lawyers, in a recent press freedom report. (Full disclosure: Peter is our lawyer). “The vast majority of cases are settled,” they wrote, “not on the merits of the claim, but on a purely commercial basis. The cost of going to judgments is just too great.”Now, it may be that there are strong arguments for restricting information and limiting journalism — arguments that I, as a journalist, may have a harder time fully agreeing with.But regardless of whether you think our tribe is full of sensationalists to be protected against or heroes to be lauded, it’s worth asking: Why are governments increasingly so insecure about letting us all see what they are up to?As my colleagues Max Fisher and Amanda Taub from the Interpreter recently asked: Is there something wrong with democracy, something that has made its principles and freedoms lose their appeal?As always, your thoughts are welcome, in our Facebook group and by email: nytaustralia@nytimes.com.On that happy note, here are some examples of journalism worth fighting for, and smiling at, along with a weekly recommendation that crosses generational lines.______Don’t miss this blockbuster scoop from our Washington team, which opens with an argument in the West Wing — “a confrontation,” they write, that “marks the first time Mr. Trump is known to have tried to fire the special counsel.”______Cape Town’s water supply is running dangerously close to empty. Within months, taps in homes and businesses will be turned off. The city’s four million residents will have to line up for water rations at 200 collection points. And the police are not expecting peace and calm.It almost sounds like science fiction, but it’s really just science: climate change.______I don’t think I can improve on the subhead for this investigative story: “Everyone wants to be popular online. Some even pay for it. Inside social media’s black market.”Read it and then Tweet it out so the bots can see it.______What do love and cryptocurrency share? More than you might think.This week’s Modern Love column breaks it down: “All along, I thought I was holding something of value because I could see and feel it. But realness and value are products of shared and equal faith, no matter if in things unseen.”______This week, in addition to all things espionage, we have news, science, sports, Netflix, a new Australia Diary and some serious Margot Robbie coverage.Bleeding Ears and Road Trip Tears: Let us all remember how we came to know every single word to Australia’s classic tunes. (Australia Diary)What He Did on His Summer Break: Exposed a Global Security Flaw: Nathan Ruser, an Australian college student, discovered that a fitness app revealed the locations of military sites around the world. (International)By Looking to Asia, the Australian Open Found Itself: The Australian Open has grown to be the largest annual sporting event in the Southern Hemisphere and is considered the Grand Slam of the Asia Pacific. (Sports)A Vegan Macadamia Milk With Roots in Australia: Milkadamia comes in four varieties and is made from macadamia nuts grown in Australia. (Food)Margot Robbie Defends How ‘I, Tonya’ Depicts Domestic Abuse: The Oscar-nominated actress says she was struck by how candid Tonya Harding was, even as a teenager, about the violence she endured at the hands of family members. (Movies)The Best Movies and TV Shows New to Netflix Australia in February: Every month, Netflix Australia adds a new batch of movies and TV shows to its library. Here are the titles we think are most interesting for February. (Watching)Review: A New Zealand Novel Full of Taciturn Men and Wooden Dolls (Books)______I just finished reading “Wonder,” by R.J. Palacio, about a 10-year-old boy born with several genetic abnormalities who dreams of being “ordinary.”It’s meant to be a children’s book (I read it after my son finished it), but adults could also benefit from what the book has to teach, about kindness, humor and the awkwardness of family and friendship.At a time when so much seems so serious, yes, including the top of this newsletter, “Wonder” is a wonderful sigh of emotional accessibility.Here’s the glowing New York Times review if you don’t want to take my word for it.Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead.1. The release of the memo mattered less than #releasethememo.That’s the word from our Washington correspondent on the document about alleged F.B.I. abuses during the presidential campaign that was released on Friday. The uproar over the memo may have been more important than its contents, he writes.President Trump, above on his way to Florida, said that the memo “totally vindicates” him in the investigation into Russian election interference. Earlier in the week, he gave his first State of the Union address. We discussed it on “The Daily,” our hit podcast, which just celebrated its first birthday.Did you keep up with the headlines this week? Test your knowledge with our news quiz.____2. Dozens of young women say they were molested by Larry Nassar, the former doctor for U.S.A. Gymnastics, as the F.B.I. took more than a year to pursue its case against him.“Look at all the people who could’ve stopped him earlier,” said Leslie Miller, above, whose daughter Emma Ann was among the victims. “My goal is to find every single one of them in the haystack — expose them all, so this will never happen again.”In Michigan, where Dr. Nassar is still being sentenced for sex crimes, an angry father lunged at him in the courtroom. The father, Randall Margraves, was stopped by law enforcement officials.____3. We revealed that Egypt and Israel are secret allies in a covert war against Islamist militants in the northern Sinai Peninsula of Egypt. Above, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel at a conference last year.Over the last two years, unmarked Israeli drones, helicopters and jets have conducted more than 100 airstrikes there.Their collaboration is the most dramatic evidence yet of a quiet reconfiguration of the politics of the region, and both countries have gone to great lengths to keep it quiet.____4. A Russian fighter jet was shot down over a rebel-controlled area in Syria on Saturday, above. The Russian Defense Ministry said the pilot was killed by fighters on the ground.Farther north, two American-trained forces are battling each other in Afrin. Some of the fighters are Syrians who fled as refugees — and are now going back to fight on Turkey’s behalf.And in Afghanistan, anger is growing about the relentless pace of terrorist attacks in Kabul, the heavily militarized capital. Many are asking: Why is the government unable to protect us?____5. Amazon, JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway made a big announcement: They’re joining forces to create a new company that will provide health care to their employees in the U.S. Experts say there’s good reason to be skeptical. Above, Jeff Bezos of Amazon.U.S. stocks have ended their worst week since February 2016, as investors worried about rising interest rates after a long market boom.____6. The New York City subway has the worst on-time performance of any major rapid transit system in the world.This video tells the story of how it ended up in a state of emergency, weaving together archival footage, interviews and an original song by a subway busker that we commissioned to explain bond issuance fees.____7. The Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, start on Friday. Our Seoul correspondent says the “obscure little town” is one of the most unlikely hosts of the Games in Olympic history. (It’s also frequently confused with Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea.)The Games are taking place in the shadow of the nuclear standoff with North Korea, and security is ultratight.We’ll be rolling out full coverage in the days ahead, and some of it will feature augmented reality segments that you can see on an iPhone. Try it out here.____8. The New England Patriots meet the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday.We’ll have live coverage, and until then, here’s our collection of recipes for game-day staples like wings, nachos and chili (and some healthier options, too).But we’re also mulling this question: After all the revelations about the danger of brain damage from football, why do we still watch it?In our Op-Ed pages, Emily Kelly, the wife of the former Saints and Patriots safety Rob Kelly, details how her once-loving husband turned into a ghost because of brain trauma.____9. “Saturday Night Live” got in the Super Bowl spirit by parodying the rivalry between New England and Philadelphia in a sketch featuring Natalie Portman, the show’s host, above center, and the former cast members Rachel Dratch and Tina Fey.Alec Baldwin was also back as President Trump, an impression for which he has won rave reviews. But some are offended by the actor’s recent defense of Woody Allen and James Toback, filmmakers who have been accused of sexual assault.____10. Uma Thurman is finally ready to talk about Harvey Weinstein.The actress, who said in October that she was waiting to feel “less angry” before addressing Mr. Weinstein’s abuses, spoke to Maureen Dowd about her encounters with him and a gruesome episode on location for the 2003 film “Kill Bill.”“The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was,” Ms. Thurman said.____11. Finally, we have a new guide to help you tidy your finances, optimize your spending and plan for the long term. We’re calling it the financial tuneup, with daily, manageable tasks for just a week.Speaking of financial planning — sort of — our best weekend reads include the tale of the young men trying to create a cryptocurrency utopia in Puerto Rico. They call themselves “benevolent capitalists.” Above, their ringleader.Have a great week.____Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a.m. Eastern.You can sign up here to get our Morning Briefings by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.